The Project Gutenberg EBook of The American Missionary -- Volume 32, No.
8, August, 1878, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: The American Missionary -- Volume 32, No. 8, August, 1878

Author: Various

Release Date: October 22, 2016 [EBook #53340]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK AMERICAN MISSIONARY, AUGUST 1878 ***




Produced by KarenD, Joshua Hutchinson and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This
file was produced from images generously made available
by Cornell University Digital Collections)









  VOL. XXXII.                                         NO. 8.


                                THE

                       AMERICAN MISSIONARY.

                 *       *       *       *       *

               “To the Poor the Gospel is Preached.”

                 *       *       *       *       *

                           AUGUST, 1878.




                            _CONTENTS_:


  EDITORIAL.

    OUR GRADUATES                                             225
    PARAGRAPHS                                           225, 226
    THE LAW OF RESTITUTION                                    226
    S. S. AND M. M. CONCERT                                   227
    ADDRESS AT THE BOSTON ANNIVERSARY                         228
    ITEMS FROM CHURCHES AND SCHOOLS                           230
    GENERAL NOTES: The Freedmen, Africa, The Indian      232, 233


  THE FREEDMEN.

    VIRGINIA—Religious Interest at Hampton: Rev.
      Richard Tolman                                          235

    NORTH CAROLINA—Contrasts and Progress: Rev.
      D. D. Dodge                                             235

    SOUTH CAROLINA—Brewer Normal School: J. D.
      Backenstose                                             237

    GEORGIA—Atlanta University, by a Georgia
      Editor.—Lewis High School at Macon: Miss
      Annette Lynch.—A Bright Day in Athens: Mr.
      John McIntosh.—The Religious Work in Georgia:
      Rev. F. Markham                                     237-241

    ALABAMA—Two Ordinations at Talladega: Rev. Geo.
      E. Hill.—Closing Days of Emerson Institute:
      Miss S. J. Irwin                                        242

    MISSISSIPPI—The Year at Tougaloo University:
      Rev. G. Stanley Pope                                    243

    LOUISIANA: “Here am I: Send Me, Send Me.”—From
      New Orleans to New York: Rev. W. S. Alexander           244


  AFRICA.

    THE MENDI MISSION—Converts Added to the New Church;
      Death of Mrs. Dr. James: Rev. Floyd Snelson             246


  THE CHINESE.

    ITEMS AND INCIDENTS: Rev. W. C. Pond                      247


  THE CHILDREN’S PAGE                                         249


  RECEIPTS                                                    250


  CONSTITUTION                                                253


  WORK, STATISTICS, WANTS, &c.                                254

       *       *       *       *       *


                             NEW YORK:

         Published by the American Missionary Association,

                      ROOMS, 56 READE STREET.

                 *       *       *       *       *

                Price, 50 Cents a Year, in advance.

                 *       *       *       *       *

           A. Anderson, Printer, 23 to 27 Vandewater St.




                _American Missionary Association_,

                      56 READE STREET, N. Y.

                 *       *       *       *       *


  PRESIDENT.

    HON. E. S. TOBEY, Boston.


  VICE PRESIDENTS.

    Hon. F. D. PARISH, Ohio.
    Rev. JONATHAN BLANCHARD, Ill.
    Hon. E. D. HOLTON, Wis.
    Hon. WILLIAM CLAFLIN, Mass.
    Rev. STEPHEN THURSTON, D. D., Me.
    Rev. SAMUEL HARRIS, D. D., Ct.
    Rev. SILAS MCKEEN, D. D., Vt.
    WM. C. CHAPIN, Esq., R. I.
    Rev. W. T. EUSTIS, Mass.
    Hon. A. C. BARSTOW, R. I.
    Rev. THATCHER THAYER, D. D., R. I.
    Rev. RAY PALMER, D. D., N. Y.
    Rev. J. M. STURTEVANT, D. D., Ill.
    Rev. W. W. PATTON, D. D., D. C.
    Hon. SEYMOUR STRAIGHT, La.
    Rev. D. M. GRAHAM, D. D., Mich.
    HORACE HALLOCK, Esq., Mich.
    Rev. CYRUS W. WALLACE, D. D., N. H.
    Rev. EDWARD HAWES, Ct.
    DOUGLAS PUTNAM, Esq., Ohio.
    Hon. THADDEUS FAIRBANKS, Vt.
    SAMUEL D. PORTER, Esq., N. Y.
    Rev. M. M. G. DANA, D. D., Ct.
    Rev. H. W. BEECHER, N. Y.
    Gen. O. O. HOWARD, Oregon.
    Rev. EDWARD L. CLARK, N. Y.
    Rev. G. F. MAGOUN, D. D., Iowa.
    Col. C. G. HAMMOND, Ill.
    EDWARD SPAULDING, M. D., N. H.
    DAVID RIPLEY, Esq., N. J.
    Rev. WM. M. BARBOUR, D. D., Ct.
    Rev. W. L. GAGE, Ct.
    A. S. HATCH, Esq., N. Y.
    Rev. J. H. FAIRCHILD, D. D., Ohio
    Rev. H. A. STIMSON, Minn.
    Rev. J. W. STRONG, D. D., Minn.
    Rev. GEORGE THACHER, LL. D., Iowa.
    Rev. A. L. STONE, D. D., California.
    Rev. G. H. ATKINSON, D. D., Oregon.
    Rev. J. E. RANKIN, D. D., D. C.
    Rev. A. L. CHAPIN, D. D., Wis.
    S. D. SMITH, Esq., Mass.
    Rev. H. M. PARSONS, N. Y.
    PETER SMITH, Esq., Mass.
    Dea. JOHN WHITING, Mass.
    Rev. WM. PATTON, D. D., Ct.
    Hon. J. B. GRINNELL, Iowa.
    Rev. WM. T. CARR, Ct.
    Rev. HORACE WINSLOW, Ct.
    Sir PETER COATS, Scotland.
    Rev. HENRY ALLON, D. D., London, Eng.
    WM. E. WHITING, Esq., N. Y.
    J. M. PINKERTON, Esq., Mass.


  CORRESPONDING SECRETARY.

    REV. M. E. STRIEBY, _56 Reade Street, N. Y._


  DISTRICT SECRETARIES.

    REV. C. L. WOODWORTH, _Boston_.
    REV. G. D. PIKE, _New York_.
    REV. JAS. POWELL, _Chicago, Ill._

    EDGAR KETCHUM, ESQ., _Treasurer, N. Y._
    H. W. HUBBARD, ESQ., _Assistant Treasurer, N. Y._
    REV. M. E. STRIEBY, _Recording Secretary_.


  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.

    ALONZO S. BALL,
    A. S. BARNES,
    EDWARD BEECHER,
    GEO. M. BOYNTON,
    WM. B. BROWN,
    CLINTON B. FISK,
    A. P. FOSTER,
    E. A. GRAVES,
    S. B. HALLIDAY,
    SAM’L HOLMES,
    S. S. JOCELYN,
    ANDREW LESTER,
    CHAS. L. MEAD,
    JOHN H. WASHBURN,
    G. B. WILLCOX.


COMMUNICATIONS

relating to the business of the Association may be addressed to
either of the Secretaries as above.


DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS

may be sent to H. W. Hubbard, 56 Reade Street, New York, or, when
more convenient, to either of the branch offices, 21 Congregational
House, Boston, Mass., 112 West Washington Street, Chicago, Ill.
Drafts or checks sent to Mr. Hubbard should be made payable to his
order as _Assistant Treasurer_.

A payment of thirty dollars at one time constitutes a Life Member.

Correspondents are specially requested to place at the head of
each letter the name of their Post Office, and the County and State
in which it is located.

                 *       *       *       *       *




                                THE

                       AMERICAN MISSIONARY.

                 *       *       *       *       *

              VOL. XXXII.   AUGUST, 1878.      No. 8.

                 *       *       *       *       *

_American Missionary Association._

       *       *       *       *       *


OUR GRADUATES.

The colleges of the land have just now been sending forth their
classes of graduates, equipped for further study and for new work.
The young men and women have passed their examinations and taken
their degrees and made their speeches in hundreds of academic
halls. Parents and patrons have gathered—these to see the gain and
growth of their children, and those to rejoice in the good which
their generous benefactions have accomplished. It is the harvest
time in the collegiate year; though the crops are not gathered into
garners, but scattered and sown at once for other growths.

Our schools and colleges, too, have come to the end of another
year. Examination and commencement times come to all impartially
under the fifteenth amendment. We do not profess that the graduates
of our seven colleges go out equipped, for depth and breadth of
culture, on an equality with the sons of Yale or Harvard, but we do
believe that they are fitted, and fitted well, for the work that
is before them, and to be the leaders first of their own people.
We do know that the religious impression made upon them is more
general and more deep than in most Northern colleges, and that
the influences under which they work and study foster and develop
seriousness of purpose and that highest of all ambitions—the
ambition to be useful. And so, in this our humbler work, we rejoice
and take pride.

Our Normal-school work is still the largest and perhaps the most
important that we have to do. And when we follow in imagination,
and occasionally by visitation, and frequently by communication,
the pupils of our schools out into the little hamlets and
cross-roads all over the Southern States, where they are teaching
the mysteries of the A, B, C, to the little children, and the
larger ones, who come from humblest homes, where the dark-skinned
father and mother look with wondering admiration at the child—their
child—who can tell “round O” from “crooked S,” we are filled with
the sense of the magnitude and importance of this work of laying
foundations on which are to be built the towers of intelligence
and virtue. And we pray devoutly that God may bless each one of
those who are going forth this year to teach the children of a long
neglected race.

       *       *       *       *       *

We see that Stanley’s story of his journey, “_Through the Dark
Continent_,” is published by Sampson, Low & Co., London. We have
not yet examined it, but are sure that it will be of great interest
and instructiveness even to those who have read his vivid letters
in the _Herald_ from time to time.

       *       *       *       *       *

It is with deep regret that we record the death of Mrs. Dr. JAMES
of the Mendi Mission, of which the tidings is given in another
column. The other members of the mission are all well, and the work
progresses both materially and spiritually; and the brave band who
went back to carry the light of life to the dark land of their
fathers, have not lost heart or hope because one of their number
has gone up higher.

       *       *       *       *       *

We made a very full and frank statement three months ago in regard
to our finances. We recognized the fact that the receipts up to
that time had been better than for the corresponding months of
the previous year. It gave us peculiar pleasure to make that
statement. And now, having spoken so, we wish to be heard on the
other side. For it is equally true now, that the receipts have
been diminishing, and for two months have been less than in the
same months of the previous year. Friends, do not leave us in the
lurch now, or spoil in the last two months of our fiscal year the
improving record of the first ten. Our needs as your agents are
very far beyond the means you furnish us.

       *       *       *       *       *


THE LAW OF RESTITUTION.

The law of restitution is one which the religion of the Old
Testament enforces, and which the New Testament does not relax. It
applies, as all laws do, most pressingly to individuals, but it
reaches out, as all laws do, to nations and to races.

We have wronged the Negro, the Indian and the Chinaman—all
three—and they therefore call on us, on our American nation, and
on our English-speaking people, for redress, and for all that we
can do to atone for past neglect—not only for past neglect, but
injustice. Need I recite?

It was in 1620 that the first slave ship landed her human freight
upon the shores of Virginia, and, from that time for more than two
centuries the deadly traffic was continued, and men, women and
children were bought and sold like animals. We need not say, “But
this was a Southern crime; we and our fathers were not guilty.”
For two-thirds of that time, the whole nation were alike in it.
Northern ships and Northern capital carried on the importation
later than that. Our Northern fathers gave it up largely, it is
true, as it is charged, because what was for the time profitable
in South Carolina and in Georgia, did not pay in Massachusetts and
Vermont. It was not until 1825 that the slaves were set free in
the State of New Jersey. We do not propose to depict the evils and
the sins of slavery. Thank God, they are in the past, save as the
consequences are upon us still.

I grant that good may have been done; that, in the end, it may be
shown that elevation and enlightenment have followed from even this
contact with a superior civilization and religion. God causes the
wrath of man to praise Him; and even the sinful and the selfish
acts of men are made the servants of His will. But that is hardly
to be put to the credit of the thus indirect instruments of good.
Rather, by what this good lacks of that which Christian motive and
effort might have accomplished, we are guilty before God.

The horrors enacted and still enacting on the dark continent of
Africa—for the slave trade still continues—the enforced ignorance
and enforced vice of two centuries and a half, the engrafting of
the vices of civilization upon those of heathendom, are the charges
which this nation has to meet before the bar of God. It is a debt
which never can be paid. Is there no claim on us from the American
Negro?

How is it with the Indian? The original occupants of the territory
now covered by these United States, and its possessors, as much as
wandering hunters can be the owners of the soil, our fathers found
them. What have they gained from us? The greed of the white man has
pursued them from that day to this. From place to place they have
been driven. Bargains have been broken and treaties violated, in
almost every instance, first by the white man. The true history of
almost every Indian war (so called) has been begun by the violence
or provoked by the faithlessness of the white man. It was true
of the Modoc, the Sitting Bull and the Nez Percès wars, and that
evidently.

What have we given the red man? Whisky and powder; the vices of
civilization, and the means of war. A few missionaries have been
among them, devoting themselves, with heroic self-denial, to the
work of educating and elevating them, and, wherever the tribes
among which they have labored have been far enough away to escape
the too frequent trader and the settler, they have been teachable,
have come to occupy farms, and learned to labor and to pray.

Perhaps the halting and uncertain policy of the government has been
its worst crime toward them for these last thirty years. And now,
even under the peace policy, which has done very much for them,
their disabilities are of the greatest.

How can you expect to rouse ambitions for industry and intelligence
among men who are not allowed to hold a title to the farms they
have cleared, or the houses they have built, and who may be
ordered, at the will of the government (which is often only the
will of envious neighbors), to a new Reservation? How can you
expect to Christianize a man, whose wrongs are unavenged, and who
is hunted by an army if he avenges them himself? And yet, of the
less than 300,000 Indians, over 40,000 can read, 12,000 attended
school last year, 27,000 are church members. The government spent
about one dollar a head in their education last year. It has cost,
for forty years, about forty dollars a head—$12,000,000 annually—to
fight them. Do we owe them anything?

And the Chinaman? He is not a very large factor yet in our
population. He owes the opium habit in some degree, at least, to
the exigencies of English commerce. His account with this country
has not been running very long yet. But it will be all we can
do, if we do our utmost to Christianize him, to keep the account
current balanced.

He is met on the Pacific Coast (where his industry has already been
of great value) with the cry, “Away with him back to China!” It has
just been decided that he, being neither white nor black, cannot
become a citizen in California.

A few Christian men and women have opened schools to teach John
the English alphabet; the New Testament has been his reading book.
Already some 300 are converted men, and members of the churches,
and have formed Christian associations, in which they live in
Christian ways.

And the question is: Shall we run in debt to the Chinaman, as we
have to the Negro and the Indian? Would it not be well to keep in
mind the Scripture saying now—“Owe no man anything, but to love one
another”?

If wrongs emphasize claims, surely the three races of men in our
own land have a most convincing claim upon the people of the United
States. Who will respond to it, if the Christian people fail to
hear and heed it?

       *       *       *       *       *


S. S. AND M. M. CONCERT.

REV. J. W. CHICKERING, D. D., BOSTON, MASS.

These numerous initials form the shortest mode of designating an
interesting, if not unique, meeting I had the pleasure of attending
yesterday, in the Congregational Church at Amesbury, Mass., Rev.
Pliny S. Boyd, pastor.

They stand for “Sabbath-school and Missionary Monthly Concert”;
the plan being to let the scholars do the reporting and the
singing, with prayers from several teachers, and remarks from the
superintendent, pastor and a visiting brother.

The triple work of the American Missionary Association was
assigned for this occasion; and it was encouraging for the future
of benevolent effort in the church, to see how promptly class after
class repeated the answers allotted them.

Each will probably remember through life his or her part in the
programme; and, from the whole, a very clear outline was furnished
to the assembly of the numbers, needs, and capabilities of the
Indians, Mongolians and Negroes within our borders.

I was happy to be able to confirm and illustrate some of those
statements, and to urge upon that intelligent church, and the
flourishing Sabbath-school, from which seventy were received into
communion last year, the pressing, may we not say paramount?
importance of that department of missionary effort.

If the “four millions” are suffered to live in vice and ignorance,
and the superstition which is already seeking to overshadow them
like the old fetichism of their ancestors, the American Church—yes,
the nation—will find too late what a mistake they have made.

Ten thousand such “Monthly Concerts” as this would go far in the
direction of instructing the children and awaking their parents,
respecting one of the great duties of the hour. Why not let it be
tried?

       *       *       *       *       *


ADDRESS AT THE BOSTON ANNIVERSARY.

BY REV. GEORGE R. MERRILL, BIDDEFORD, ME.

I am to suggest three considerations which give _permanent_
importance to our work among the despised races. The evangelization
of six millions of people, one-seventh of our entire population,
cannot be safely left to the enthusiasm aroused by special pleas,
but must be grounded in such truth as shall make its prosecution a
Christian and patriotic duty of supreme and abiding urgency.


I.—The Test of our Christianity.

If you please, let us call upon this platform four representative
men. The first shall be of Anglo-Saxon lineage, the inheritor
by birth of our ripe Christian civilization, and bearing upon
him the marks of our characteristic civilized vices,—a man self
sufficient, profane, intemperate and dishonest. Next him place an
Indian, in all the brutality, sottishness and despair to which
our guardianship of two centuries has brought him. The next is
a Freedman, touched with his ancient race-superstitions, and
possessed by the usual vices of a subject people. Last in the group
set a Chinaman, just from the Joss House and the opium den.

Now, do you, who represent the Christianity of the nineteenth
century, stand before them with the gospel in your hands. Man of
God, look upon these slaves of sin! Nations and languages, look on
this man of God! and do you tell us what Christianity can do for
these. What can it do for this white man? Triumphantly, you answer,
“It can save him; can break down his self-sufficiency and pride,
redeem him from his cups, make him an honest man, and, if he have
committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.” What can it do for the
Indian? “It can save him; make him sober and industrious, a servant
of God.” What for this Negro? “It can save him, lift him out of his
race-corruptions, and save him to God and man.” And what for this
Chinaman? “The same. It can make him a man, reverent and devout
to God, and useful to his fellows. The gospel is the power of God
unto salvation to Mongol, Negro and Caucasian, and no barriers of
race avail to hinder it.” Is this all? Has your gospel nothing more
that it can do for this company? Then is it not the true and full
gospel! That full gospel at the first gained wondrous victories.
The proud pharisee and the despised publican, they of Cæsar’s
household and the bond-slave—Jew and Gentile alike—came under its
power. The Christianity of that day, the full gospel, not only
saved them as individuals, made each one an heir of eternal life,
but also fused and bound them into a true brotherhood.

The Christianity of the nineteenth century is on trial as to
whether it can do this. Its power to redeem the individual has been
grandly illustrated before our eyes, and now the other question
comes forward. Its answer will have many forms indeed. One of them
is the attitude that Christian capital and Christian labor take
to each other. But its marked test, the most illustrious triumph
or conspicuous failure, is to be here among the despised races,
whose representatives are before us. God has reserved for American
Christianity this grand opportunity to show the world, that after
eighteen centuries the gospel is shorn of none of its honor—that
under its inspirations we are able to bind these despised races,
regenerated and lifted up, into a true fellowship with ourselves.
The American Missionary Association is your representative and
servant to this end, and worthy such support as the gospel itself
should receive.


II.—The Test of our National Life.

Mr. Matthew Arnold, in a recent essay, uses these words: “When we
talk of man’s advance towards his full humanity, we think of an
advance not along one line only, but several. The Hebrew race was
pre-eminent on one great line. The Hellenic race was pre-eminent on
another line.”

Taking for truth the conception involved in these words, but with
a Christian interpretation, it follows that a true Christian
patriotism will not have respect to the permanence of party or the
development of resources; these are means to its nobler ends.

It will see in all history the developing thought of God, and in
its own history a particular increment of that thought.

These eighteen centuries, and those that are to follow, are the
development of Christianity, and that development covers three
zones, which circle and complete the globe—God’s relation to man,
man’s relation to God, and man’s relation to man. During the five
centuries nearest Christ, about the centres of Alexandria and
Constantinople, influences rose and were moulded whose resultant
was that view of God in his relation to man which is the common
property of Christendom. For eleven centuries following, Divine
Providence was shaping especially under the impulse of the
Reformation, the confession of the scriptural relation of man to
God. Then, with the seventeenth century, history passed into the
third zone, in which is to be illustrated the Divine idea of man’s
relation to man, which is, that the race is an organic brotherhood,
because having one father, God, and one elder brother, Jesus Christ.

From the first planting at Plymouth, God has been shaping our
national experiences to draw the confession from us. Little by
little the problem has grown upon us, as we were able to meet it.
Two centuries and more were required to illustrate, through us, how
the sublime socialism of the New Testament, could blend together
in one brotherhood, representatives of all the white and dominant
races of the world. And it is done, though not perfectly, indeed.
English, Scotch, Irish, French, Dane, German and Russ—all over our
land—are companies of them cemented into the equal brotherhood
of a Christian Church and a Christian State. And now the deeper
conditions of the problem are upon us. Within our borders are three
races, neither white nor dominant. They are men; the Saviour died
for them; the Holy Spirit calls them, one by one, into membership
in the kingdom of God; they are our brothers by New Testament law.
We are to make them organically one with us in a Christian state.
Here, in the despised races, is the _test of our national life_.

The American Missionary Association appeals to you, not only as
Christian men in the name of the Christianity that is on trial
as to its social power, but as American men in the name of God’s
thought for the land, which it is working out as to the Negro, the
Chinaman and the Indian. It says, “One is our Master, even Christ,
and all we are brethren.”

In the jail record of one of our cities, there are these entries
after a convict’s name: “Occupation, _Statesman_; Religion,
_None_.” Is it not a reproach to our Christianity, waiting for its
grandest testimony; to our Christian patriotism, on which is laid
the thought of God for the land, that in these years we have been
so content to leave the care of the despised races, these “wards
of the Almighty,” the elect for His noblest purpose, to those
whose fit record is: “Occupation, _Statesmen_; Religion, _None_”!
Two hundred and fifty years have been given us with the Indian to
carry out “the great hope and inward zeal” of our fathers, a score
of years almost with the Freedman and Chinaman. How long can we
expect the Divine patience to delay ere it shall take away our
opportunity, and give it to a nation bringing forth the fruits of
righteousness?


III.—The Example of Christ.

There were despised classes among the Jews eighteen hundred years
ago—publicans and sinners, from whom their betters withheld
even the touch of their garments. But our Master, Jesus Christ,
consorted with these, until they called Him, “the friend of
publicans and sinners.” The Samaritans were a race despised of the
Jews, yet to one of them our Lord made the earliest and clearest
declaration of His Messiahship. Nay, at the outset of His mission,
passing by the needy cities of Judah, He, our Lord, went to preach
His gospel among the despised and dispersed who dwelt on the border
of Zebulon and Napthalin, where “darkness covered the land and
gross darkness the people.”

The appeal that is made for the American Missionary Association, in
the name of the witness to the gospel, and in the name of Christian
patriotism, gains its height when it is made in the name of Christ.

Every argument by which this work appeals to us to-day, is a
prophecy of its success in our hands. Work among the despised
races, work that sets the seal of power on the Christianity of our
time, work that is to realize God’s thought for the land, work so
Christly cannot fail!

The American Missionary Association, to which this work is
committed of God and the churches, needs but one thing of you. That
is, money? No! It is but needed that there should be such incomes
of the Holy Ghost into Christian hearts as shall lift up church
membership from membership in a religious club to its true dignity
of citizenship in the kingdom of God; such incomes of the Spirit as
shall fill the heart of each citizen with the grand thought of the
kingdom—brotherhood. Then, consecrated purses will be opened, and
gold and silver, and greenbacks and bonds, will flow into the full
treasury of the Lord.

       *       *       *       *       *


ITEMS FROM CHURCHES AND SCHOOLS.

MCLEANSVILLE, N. C.—Five persons joined the church the last Sunday
in June. Eighty-three communicants were present, all but three
members of this church.

DUDLEY, N. C.—Seventeen united with the church, Rev. D. Peebles,
pastor, June 16. This church numbers over eighty members. Mr.
George S. Smith, of Raleigh, and Miss Carrie Waugh, of Woodbridge,
assisted in revival work.

ORANGEBURG, S. C.—A deep religious interest is reported in
this church. The school was closed June 18th, with appropriate
exercises, and in the presence of a crowded audience.

ATLANTA, GA.—On the third Sabbath in June six young people united
with the college church upon profession, and as many more will
probably unite during the vacation with churches at their homes.
It has been a good year in the religious culture of the school,
and a great gain is manifest in the earnestness and steadiness of
Christian character attained. The Sabbath-school at this church
found itself last Sabbath with _eleven_ less teachers than the week
before; the reason being that nearly that number of young people
had gone into the country to teach summer schools for three months.
The fact suggests one of the sources of influence such a church
has, as well as one of the difficulties of carrying it on.

—Mr. S. P. Smith, of Chicago Seminary, has taken up the work
with the First Church, during Mr. Ashley’s vacation, under very
favorable auspices. The people are united and hopeful.

GOLDING’S GROVE, GA.—School closed June 20th.

CUTHBERT, GA.—The school at this place, re-opened two years ago,
reports a good year’s work. Over a hundred pupils have been in
attendance, some of them adults and elders and deacons of churches.
A reading-room has been kept up. A large attendance witnessed the
examinations and closing exercises. Mr. R. R. Wright, from Atlanta,
is the teacher.

WOODVILLE, GA.—“Little Aubor (one of our school girls) is very
ill. During the late revival she had made up her mind to become
a Christian, but her father was a stumbling-block in her way. He
gave her a severe whipping, and kept her away from the protracted
meetings. Shortly afterward she was taken ill, and said to him,
‘Oh, father, I wanted to give my heart to Christ, but you have
kept me away.’ Yesterday, when I asked her if she was praying, she
answered in a whisper, ‘I am praying, I am praying, I am praying.’”

ANNISTON, ALA.—Rev. Peter J. McIntosh was ordained pastor of this
church June 18th. Sermon by Rev. D. L. Hickok, of Talladega.
The proprietor of the hotel showed his good-will by giving free
entertainment to all the white visitors. The indications for
spiritual prosperity are encouraging.

CHILDERSBURG, ALA.—Rev. Alfred Jones was ordained June 20th. The
church building has just been plastered. A series of special
services are in contemplation. Congregations average from fifty-six
to eighty.

TALLADEGA, ALA.—The following indicates the vacation work of some
of the students for the next three months: J. D. Smith goes to
preach at Savannah, Ga.; H. S. Williams to Montgomery; Andrew
Headen to Selma, to begin work at once; J. B. Sims to Marietta,
Ga., to begin the last Sunday in June. P. W. Young has charge
of the church at Kingston; John Strong, of the Lawson Church,
organized last summer; Barbour Grant of the Cove Church; Thornton
Benson of the church at Alabama Furnace. They receive from $20 to
$25 a month. Peter J. McIntosh was ordained pastor of the church at
Anniston, and Alfred Jones at Childersburg, and are referred to in
Rev. Mr. Hill’s letter.

MOBILE, ALA.—Emerson Institute finds its new building admirably
adapted to its uses; has received evidences of increasing favor
with the white citizens of Mobile; is under great obligations to
Dr. Morrell for placing his professional skill as a physician at
the disposal of the teachers, and refusing all compensation. Its
teachers are doing good service in the various Sunday-schools of
the city.

MEMPHIS, TENN.—A permanent library, to which the colored people
may have free access, has been begun by the faculty of Le Moyne
Normal School. Some hundreds of books have been secured, and during
the coming summer vacation a commodious reading-room is to be
fitted up. More volumes will be added from time to time, as means
are secured, and it is confidently expected that the near future
will see this excellent project firmly established, and doing the
work for which it is designed. During the closing week at the
school the junior-class gave an exhibition, the proceeds of which
are to be used for the library. Donations of books are solicited.

       *       *       *       *       *


GENERAL NOTES.


The Freedmen.

—The _Congregationalist_ says, in its report of the examination
of the students of Andover Theological Seminary: “One of the
best recitations made in Greek was by a young man from Atlanta
University, a suggestive item for the churches interested in that
institution.”

—The Presbyterian General Assembly has transferred its eighty
colored churches from the Board of Home Missions back to the
Committee on Freedmen. The committee, having somewhat enlarged its
educational work, appeals to the Presbyterian churches for more
liberal and more general contributions.

—The Southern Presbyterian General Assembly reported as contributed
for the evangelization of the colored people, during the last year,
$416.75, to which the Reformed (Dutch) Church added $359.25.

—The _Christian at Work_ describes a colored church, south, of
which it says: “It was an aristocratic institution, as it seemed,
and a failure. The preacher read his sermon, the singing was
operatic, and the whole thing a ludicrous burlesque. White people
go to an unhealthy extreme, often, in suppressing emotion, but for
the colored folks to imitate this folly is death outright.”

—The same correspondent says of a missionary to the freedmen, whom
he chanced to meet: “I said to him, as we were taking our leave,
‘It takes a good deal of grit and grace to stand the pressure here,
don’t it?’ ‘One can get _very near the Lord here_,’ he replied;
‘indeed, he has to get very near Him to do any good.’”

—A Louisiana correspondent sums up a letter to the
_Congregationalist_ thus: “In spite of all drawbacks, the tendency
of the colored churches in Louisiana is upward. The Sunday-schools
are well attended, and properly taught. The church members are
orderly and industrious citizens, respected in the communities
in which they live, and ready and willing to contribute, to the
full extent of their means, for any Christian purposes. Take
them altogether, the progress of the colored churches has been
sufficiently rapid to gratify any one who prays that the beams
of the Sun of Righteousness may illumine the dark corners of the
earth.”

—“There is no teacher so wholesome as personal necessity. In South
Carolina a few men and many women cling absolutely to the past,
learning nothing, forgetting nothing. But the bulk of thinking men
see that the old Southern society is as absolutely annihilated
as the feudal system, and that there is no other form of society
now possible except such as prevails at the North and West. The
dream of re-enslaving the negro, if it ever existed, is like the
negro’s dream, if he ever had it, of five acres and a mule from
the government. Both races have long since come down to the stern
reality of self-support. No sane Southerner would now take back as
slaves, were they offered, a race of men who have been for a dozen
years freemen and voters.”—_Col. Higginson in the Atlantic._

       *       *       *       *       *


Africa.

—The barque _Azor_, which sailed April 21st for Africa, arrived
at Sierra Leone, May 19th. There were several cases of measles
before the sailing, and this malady spread rapidly. The ship fever,
which came from overcrowding, was worse, however, and increased
by scantiness of water and lack of proper medical attendance.
Twenty-three of the emigrants died on the way. The barque was towed
to Monrovia by an English steamer.

—A despatch to the _Herald_ represents the emigrants as being
almost destitute of money, some of them holding notes of the Exodus
Association, which is said to be unable to meet its obligations.

—Another ship load of freedmen are waiting at Charleston to take
passage as soon as the _Azor_ returns. She is probably on her way
before this date.

—It is a gratifying fact to the friends of the American
Colonization Society that in sending over 160 expeditions to
Liberia, no serious casualty has happened either to vessel or
emigrants. Special care has been taken to make their passage
safe and comfortable, and kind Providence has given prosperity.
The last expedition of the society left New York, June 19, with
sixty-nine emigrants on board the barque _Liberia_ from Virginia,
North Carolina and Florida. When four days out, in a heavy fog, she
collided with an Austrian vessel, and, losing her bowsprit, put
back for repairs. She left again, Monday, July 1st.

—France has just appropriated 100,000 francs for a scientific
expedition to Central Africa, under M. L’Abbé Debaize. He is a
young man of thirty-three, of fine education and attainments,
familiar with Arabic, Coptic and some East African languages; and
having passed special courses in divinity, astronomy and natural
history, much is anticipated from his investigations. He sailed
from Marseilles about two months ago, and is now probably at
Zanzibar, fitting out for the proposed journey across Equatorial
Africa.

       *       *       *       *       *


The Indian.

We reprint the following from the N. Y. _Tribune_, as giving the
best and most consecutive account of the reported outbreaks among
the Indians of Oregon, Washington Territory and Idaho, which we
have been able to find. It ascribes the origin of the difficulty to
the lack and scantiness of appropriations for the Indian Service.
We do not vouch for the exactness of the report. It accords with
the dispatches received from day to day:

The last report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs shows that
the savage tribes of Idaho and Eastern Oregon, which are taking
part, more or less, in the present war, number about 7,400 souls.
They are capable of sending into the field 2,500 warriors; and
the telegraph dispatches, printed above, indicate that about that
number of savages have already joined the two great war parties
which are menacing the settlements of that region, and with which a
heavy battle may be fought any day now by the troops under command
of General Howard. The census of the tribes is as follows:

Fort Hall Agency                    Bannocks, Shoshones              1,507
Lemhi Agency                        Sheepeaters, Bannocks, Shoshones   940
Idaho Indians, not under an agent   Pend d’Oreilles, Kootenais         600
Grande Ronde Agency                                                    819
Malhewr Agency                      Piutes, Snakes                     759
Umatilla Agency                     Walla-Wallas, Cayuses, Umatillas   849
Roving Indians on the Columbia, renegades, etc.                      2,000

The Indians at these agencies have been kept in a state of
constant agitation for more than a year by the singular delay
of Congress in making appropriations for the Indian service,
and by the scantiness of the appropriations when made. For the
Malhewr Agency in Oregon, the Indians of which have gone to war,
the appropriation was $50,000 in 1873, and $40,000 for the two
successive years; but in 1876 it was reduced to $25,000, and in
1877 to $20,000. The agent begged that if Congress intended to
persist in this course it would build a saw and grist-mill for the
Indians, but it was not done. At the Fort Hall and Lemhi Agency in
Idaho, where the present uprising began, the Indians were nearly
starved by the government. About 500 had to leave Fort Hall to
hunt up a subsistence for themselves; and last May the agent at
Lemhi was studying how to remove the band to a new location, to
protect it from the government. The outbreak on the part of the Nez
Percès, a year ago, did not affect these Indians at the time. They
all remained quiet and loyal, but they have had their own troubles
since, and have grown impatient at the failure of the government to
feed them.

The present outbreak began the latter part of May, when Buffalo
Horn, a noted scout, took out 200 Bannocks, and camped in the lava
beds between Big Camas Prairie and Snake River, in the southern
part of Idaho. The news of this rising spread over Idaho and
Eastern Oregon very quickly, and, in a fortnight’s time, all the
Indians of that region were in a state of excitement, and began
raiding the valleys and driving off and killing stock by the
hundred head. The United States troops in that region consisted
of a few companies of cavalry and infantry, scattered about the
two territories at the military posts. This was an insufficient
protection, and the citizens of Boise City, in Idaho, Walla-Walla,
in Oregon, Camp Harney and elsewhere, formed themselves into
volunteer companies for active operations. About June 1, Colonel
Bernard, with seventy cavalry and twenty citizens, started on a
forced march to Big Camas Prairie. The Indians did not await them
there, but began moving westward along Idaho River in straggling
bands, dining off the stock and killing occasional settlers on the
march. Howard sent orders at once to Bernard to return, which he
did, pursuing the Bannocks into the Owyhee country in the southeast
corner of Oregon. One incident of this movement on the part of
the Indians was a fight between seventeen citizens and about 100
Indians, about June 6, in which two volunteers and eight Indians
were killed.

A concentration of Indians took place in Southeastern Oregon, and,
on June 23, Bernard came upon a camp of them 1,500 strong. He had
only 200 men, but he surprised the camp, routed it and chased
the band for ten miles. A large number of Indians were killed.
Bernard lost four killed and three wounded. The savages retreated
to Stein’s Mountain. General Howard arrived on the field after the
fight, with Miles and Downey, having marched forty-five miles a day
to catch up with Bernard. From Stein’s Mountain the Indians moved
northward toward Camp Harney and Canyon City. They attacked neither
place, but concentrated on John Day River, where they are in camp,
1,500 strong, according to the dispatches printed above.

The other band of hostile Indians is on what is called Camas
Prairie, north of the Salmon river, in Central Idaho, the scene
of the outbreak by Joseph’s band of Nez Percès last year. The
dispatches just received state that this party is composed chiefly
of Snakes, and is about 1,000 strong.

The Klamaths at the agency in Southwestern Oregon began to commit
depredations about June 25. The band then numbered about 800.

—Some of those most intelligent in Indian affairs believe that
a general Indian war is an impossibility, unless the General
Government shall adopt some strangely unwise and hostile
policy. Even then the various tribes would not unite, but fight
independently, so much stronger are their mutual antipathies and
feuds than their hatred of the whites.

—The transfer of the Indians to the War Department has not been
accomplished. The whole matter has been referred to a joint
committee, consisting of three members of the Senate and five
members of the House, to investigate and report next January upon
the expediency of such a transfer.

—The _Advance_ says: “If the report shall be in its favor, the
transfer will be because the religious press and the friends of the
peace policy neglect their duty. It is stated that a majority of
the House branch of the Commission is opposed to the change.”

—The _Christian Union_ offers this suggestion: “The various
missionary bodies ought now to confer with each other, agree, if
possible, on the policy to be pursued toward the Indians, and then
send to Washington a delegation of the ablest men of the respective
denominations to urge its adoption. The fact that Secretary Schurz
is out of favor with Congress, is a poor reason for shifting the
Indians from his department, and we have yet to see any better
one assigned. The simple question is: How can the Indian tribes
be most easily civilized and Christianized, and so brought into
assimilation with Americans? And that is a question on which the
churches of America ought to have something to say.”

—The _Independent_ gives its testimony thus: “It is entirely clear
to our minds that the peace policy adopted in 1869, for which
great credit is due to General Grant, and which, not without some
imperfections, has been pursued ever since, is the best that ever
was adopted in this country, and in its principles and purpose the
only one that ever should be adopted. The statistics show that the
condition of the Indians, in all the elements that go to make up
the idea of civilization, has immensely improved within the last
ten years, under the benign influence of this policy. Our idea
on this subject is, that it is best to let well enough alone,
especially since we cannot make it better. Let us do right by the
Indian for the present, observing our treaties with him, dealing
justly by him, and fighting him only when compelled to do so by
a stern necessity, and then trust the providence of God for the
future.”

       *       *       *       *       *




THE FREEDMEN.

       *       *       *       *       *


VIRGINIA.

Religious Interest at Hampton—Missionary Zeal.

REV. RICHARD TOLMAN, HAMPTON.

Six of our students united with the church by profession June 9th,
the last Sabbath of the school-year, making twenty-seven who have
joined us since November 1st, besides those who have connected
themselves with other churches. After Commencement, May 23d, two
more of the graduating-class came out on “the Lord’s side,” so that
all but four of the boarding-pupils of that class are hopefully
Christian; and one of these four seems now “not far from the
kingdom of God.”

An interesting example of what Christian faith and perseverance
may accomplish, is that of a colored brother connected with our
printing-office. About a year since, he proposed starting a
Sabbath-school in a destitute neighborhood, but was told that it
would be of no use. He determined to try. Beginning with three
pupils, the number has constantly increased, until now he has a
school of more than eighty deeply-interested members. We need many
such laborers in these harvest-fields.


NORTH CAROLINA.

The Church—Contrasts and Progress—Two Prayers.

REV. D. D. DODGE, WILMINGTON.

Our church-work is distinct from the school, the latter being
not in any sense sectarian. We think we see marked improvement
in the character of those who have been longest members of the
church. They seem to hunger for truth for the purpose of living
it, and their progress is, of course, steady and rapid. We are
often thrilled by the rich experience as manifested by unconscious
expressions in the prayer-meetings. We have received six new
members during the year:

It may be well to hear what impression is made upon a new comer, so
I quote from one of our teachers who has been with us only a year.

“To hear of the degradation of the colored people of the South is
to know but little of it, for ‘the half can ne’er be told.’ It is
humiliating to think that in our own beloved land there exists so
much of barbarism and heathenish superstition. This is realized by
looking at the homes and home-life of the poor people, but much
more by noticing their form of religion.

“I had visited lowly cots and abodes of poverty, seeming devoid of
even the bare necessaries of life. Sometimes, in one small house
several families huddled together, the little ones swarming in
the yard like bees from the hive on a sunny day. I had seen poor
sewing women trying to earn a bare subsistence—trying to keep by
that little weapon, the needle, the wolf from the door. And I had
thought what must life be worth to such suffering ones? And yet the
degradation of this poor people never came to me with such force as
when, for the first time, I entered a colored church, and witnessed
scenes such as I had heard of, but never could realize without
_seeing_.

“The meeting was in progress when we entered, many talking or
standing ready for a chance to be heard, others jumping and
clapping their hands. One man, who gesticulated fiercely and
screamed hoarsely, exhorted the brethren and sisters to ‘look out
for the devil—he’s after yer—he’ll run yer inter the briers, but
yer mus’ put on yer shoes—he’ll knock yer down, but yer mus’ get
up an’ run, an’ put on yer shoes.’ Finally, in his frenzy, we
could distinguish nothing except, in broken utterances, ‘put on
yer shoes! put on yer shoes! put on yer shoes!’ amid the shouts of
laughter and cheers which urged him on, coming chiefly from the
female portion of the audience. He at length sat down exhausted,
when a woman rose in mid-air, with a wild scream, coming down
head-foremost, while all around were others shouting or jumping up
and down. This, with variations, continued amidst quavering, weird
music, the big cape bonnets bobbing to and fro, keeping time. At
length the minister, who seemed to prefer order, wished to close
the meeting, when immediately the people began to disperse, he
calling to them to keep their places until after the benediction
should be given, but they paid no heed. Whereupon he proceeded
to lecture them on this wise: ‘If I were at one of your houses
and should take my hat and leave without saying good day, you
would think it was a piece of very ill politeness,’—and more to
the same effect; but the tide not being stayed, he called upon
a fine-looking young man to pronounce the benediction, which he
did with such an air of ease and grace as contrasted strangely
with all the surroundings, and I turned away in silent wonder at
him, as being one of such a crowd. I never felt so truly thankful
for a better way that is opened to them, and that even a few are
struggling to elevate themselves,—are found sitting ‘clothed and in
their right mind,’ learning truth.

“For there _is_ a brighter side, and it is only by keeping in
mind the motto, ‘_look_ on the _bright_ side’ that there is
encouragement to make continued efforts for the uplifting of those
who do not wish it for themselves. That there are noble exceptions
we are glad and thankful. The little church planted here, as a
branch from the true vine, though in number small, is noble in its
strength of purpose, and the willingness of heart found in each
member. So eager to learn, so thankful to be taught, it has been a
pleasure to teach them as they have come to our night-school.”

At the closing session of our Sabbath-school, five young men
made short addresses. Their words were hearty and stirring, and
expressed a deep satisfaction with what they had gained in the
school, as they looked back over the time they had attended, one
of them adding modestly, “Not that I would have you think that I
have learned so _much_ of the Bible, for I don’t know anything of
any great account.” Ah! but what he has learned he has practiced
so faithfully that he is a shining light to all who know him, and
his words are eloquent with the power behind them of a consistent
life. All of these young men are a power for good in the city. Two
others, members of the church, are not in town, but we believe they
are living true lives elsewhere.

I close by giving you the quaint words of two prayers, offered
when the family was away, and jotted down by the one teacher who
was left in charge. The excellent spirit shines through the strange
clothing:

“O, Lord! please make us wise enough to see sin before we get to
it, that we may shun it; and won’t you please cause people to fall
out wi’ their ways and accept your ways.”

For the teachers gone North:

“Bless those who is absent; be with ’em and keep an eye on ’em, and
bless ’em week in and week out; bless those who is afflicted and
isn’t feeling well; help ’em to get out of the state which they is
in; prop ’em up in strength and also in grace, and prepare ’em for
the work they is calkerlated for. Teach us Thy way, and make us
more wiser in reading Thy word. Help us to grow more steadfaster,
more loviner, more sincerer, and more wiser.”

       *       *       *       *       *


SOUTH CAROLINA.

Brewer Normal School—The Year’s Work.

J.D. BACKENSTOSE, GREENWOOD.

This institution has just closed the best year of its history, and
looks out upon the year to come more hopefully than ever before.
The examinations on Tuesday and Wednesday were close, and eminently
satisfactory to all present, and there was a good attendance.

The great day, July 4th, dawned. The morning was a little cloudy,
the air was cool and delightful. A great crowd of people assembled
at eleven o’clock in the morning, to hear orations from four of our
former students: W. W. Frazier, R. J. Holloway, B. H. Wimms and L.
C. Waller, who are now engaged in teaching. The young men acquitted
themselves nobly, and all who were present speak highly of them.

The dinner given by the patrons and friends of the institution
equalled anything of the kind ever given in this place. The table
was loaded with everything that heart could wish for and that
loving hands could provide. An exhibition, consisting of speeches,
recitations and dialogues, interspersed with singing, took place in
the evening. The house was filled to its utmost capacity, and it
was with difficulty that the speakers could make their way to the
stage. All present seemed delighted with the exercises.

Prizes were awarded to Miss Louise Griffin and Miss Maria Logan for
being the best speakers.

Several of the white citizens of the place, including Rev. Mr.
Smart, of the M. E. Church south, and Prof. Hodges, of the Male
Academy of this place, were present at the exhibition, and
expressed themselves as pleased with what they saw and heard. All
the colored pastors of the place, with the exception of the African
Methodist, were present during most of the exercises, and seemed
delighted with the proficiency exhibited.

During the year the students’ rooms have been neatly furnished,
and are now quite comfortable. The students have made gratifying
progress in their studies, and we feel that a year’s advancement
has been made. Twenty-six of our students are now engaged in
teaching, and over eleven hundred pupils are under their care.

We have met with hindrances. We have been accused of prejudicing
our students against their church, and of punishing them if they
did not attend our Sunday-school; but, despite all this, our
school has been unusually full, and our Sunday-school large and
interesting. The students have all gone to their homes, or to some
work, to make preparation for their return next fall.

       *       *       *       *       *


GEORGIA.

Atlanta University—Examinations and Commencement.

REPORT AND COMMENTS BY A GEORGIA EDITOR.

[_From the Macon Telegraph and Messenger._]

For several days the Board of Visitors, appointed by the Governor
to the State University, have been diligently attending the
recitations of the several classes of this colored seat of
learning, and are greatly pleased with what they have seen.

The pupils are perfectly orderly, well behaved and respectful
in their demeanor, and not a few are good scholars, and give
satisfactory evidences of progress.

A large preponderance are of mixed blood, and several would pass
for white anywhere. There is no perceptible difference, in the
aptness to learn, between the mulatto and his coal-black associate.
Perhaps the latter sticks closest to the text-book, and is less
disposed to investigate. But this may be owing to his superior
tractability and habits of obedience. Some of the best students,
male and female, are full-blooded Africans.

They read Greek and Latin, demonstrated problems in mathematics,
discoursed upon international law and the Constitution, recited
history, geography and grammar, and, in short, pursued successfully
the curriculum of our highest schools.

To the questions propounded by the Board, too, they usually gave
sensible and intelligent replies, showing powers of thought and
self-reliance not commonly attributed to our colored people.
Indeed, while it would be wrong to say that the recitations were
_perfect_, yet it can truly be affirmed that they were highly
creditable, and compared well with the examinations of our white
institutions. Again we repeat, the decorum and behavior of the
entire body of students indicated a most marked improvement, as
compared with former years, and was unexceptionable.

The teachers are inferior to none in the State for thoroughness,
patience and skill in imparting knowledge. They possess the
confidence of the pupils, and, under the wise administration of
President Ware, everything moves like clockwork, and no serious
outbreak has ever occurred.

The discipline is mild, but resolute and excellent. We could
detect, after seven years’ operation, not a stain upon the spotless
floors, and no pencil defacement or knife-marks upon walls or
furniture, while, on the contrary, everything was in print
throughout the building.

There are now in attendance upon the Atlanta University 244
students in its various classes and departments, as follows:
Regular College Students—Seniors 4, Juniors 10, Sophomores 3,
Freshmen 7; total 24. In the Scientific School there are 6
students; in the Preparatory Department, 37. In the High Normal
School, 72. In the Normal School proper, 104, and one post-graduate
student. These sum up 244 pupils, as above stated.

Thirty-seven Alumni have gone forth from the University, _thirty_
of whom are engaged in teaching, _four_ are ministers or pastors of
churches, two are mothers of young families, and one has deceased.
It is a noteworthy fact, also, that every graduate is a professor
of religion.

The resources of the University are derived from the annual
appropriation of $8,000 made by the State, the donations of the
American Missionary Association, amounting in the past year to
$1,615.28, and one permanent scholarship of $300. Board per month,
including tuition, room, fuel, lights and washing, is only twelve
dollars, hardly sufficient to cover bare expenses, and certainly
not affording one cent of revenue.

The students are required to sign a pledge to abstain from the use
of liquor and tobacco; they enjoy the advantages of an excellent
miscellaneous library, which contains some illustrated volumes and
standard works very rare, and of great value. It was for the most
part the gift of the late R. R. Graves, Esq., of New York, and
contains 5,000 volumes.

On Tuesday, His Excellency, General A. H. Colquitt, was pleased
to spend the morning in attendance upon the examinations of the
University, and expressed himself highly gratified with the
progress made by the pupils. At the close of the day’s exercises,
President Ware invited him to address the assembled school. The
Governor responded, in one of his emphatic, eloquent, sensible and
touching talks, which was listened to with breathless attention,
and repeatedly elicited unbounded applause. His advice to the
pupils was paternal and faithful, while as a Christian he did not
fail to point out to them the value and supreme necessity of the
salvation of their immortal souls. It was an address that reflected
more credit upon our worthy and popular chief magistrate than the
grandest oration pronounced before the most august assemblage in
the land. After he had concluded, several members of the Board of
Visitors were invited to make remarks. Among those who responded
were Judge W. D. Harden and Rev. T. G. Pond.

The exercises of the University of Atlanta closed June 27th with
the usual commencement programme, and the delivery of diplomas and
certificates to fifteen graduates.

The Lloyd Street Church was probably as closely jammed and
artistically packed as ever were the contents of a sardine box.
There were no vacant spaces, no possible squeezing in of another
auditor, no interstice, window or aisle opening that did not have
two occupants where one only could be comfortably accommodated. As
a rule, too, the colored assemblage was well dressed and orderly,
barring the occasional plaintive wails and impassioned screams of
sundry pickaninnies who their mothers would insist should have a
place in the picture.

The writer, unavoidably detained by other duties, did not arrive
upon the scene until the exercises were considerably advanced.
Then came the tug of war to reach his associates on the stage. He
charged two or three times, but was ignominiously repulsed and
hurled back, like chaff before the wind. But the _bonhommie_ of
those simple people was excellent, and tumbled and panting for
breath, your correspondent at length reached the rostrum, and
obtained a comfortable seat hard by.

It is sufficient to say that those it was our privilege to hear
acquitted themselves with credit, and their enunciation and
training as elocutionists evinced much care and skill on the part
of the teachers of belles lettres in the University.

Some of the graduates, both male and female, are intelligent
looking young people, and really exhibited powers of original
thought in their essays and speeches that would have done no
discredit to any institution in the country. Their manner and
demeanor, too, was uniformly courteous and unexceptionable, and we
confess to a very deep interest in their future welfare and career.

It is just as well that our people should at once fully grasp and
comprehend the problem of the negro’s future. He is a citizen
both of the United States and of the Commonwealth of Georgia, and
possessed of equal rights and privileges with the most favored of
the Anglo Saxon race. No law can be enacted which does not include
and apply to him, and the freedman is now an essential and integral
portion of the community. Hence, it should ever be the mission and
duty of the superior race to treat him kindly, and to spare no
pains to elevate this new element to its proper place in the body
politic. They, equally with ourselves, help to make the law-givers
and rulers of the country, and how can they act intelligently in
the premises unless educated and duly qualified for the responsible
trust, which, doubtless, was prematurely and unadvisedly _thrust_
upon them by the gift of the ballot.

We must deal with circumstances as we find them, and not look
backward, but forward and upwards. The negro race is a fixture in
the South and will never die out, either by emigration to Liberia
or from natural causes. It is susceptible of great improvement, and
can be made largely conducive to the welfare and prosperity of the
country.

The exercises over, President Ware, after a short, but singularly
appropriate address, delivered the diplomas and certificates of
scholarship to the fifteen graduates, remarking, that as they were
printed in English they would not be in the predicament of some
bachelors of arts who could not translate their own Latin diplomas.
Thus ended the examinations and commencement of the Atlanta
University.

We cannot, in all candor, pass on without again commending this
institution to the good will and sympathy of the white people of
Georgia. It is conducted upon proper and conservative principles.
Its president and corps of instructors are honest, faithful and
capable. Its pupils well behaved and exemplary. Its influence, we
fully believe, will be for good to the African race, and it is to
be hoped that the State will ever continue to bestow her patronage
upon a foundation which is doing more than any other to elevate
and bless the African race, which is destined to form an important
element in the future politics and government of the country.

       *       *       *       *       *


Lewis High School at Macon. Examinations and Entertainments.

MISS ANNETTE LYNCH.

It has been my happy privilege to visit this institution, after an
absence of two years, and note the progress made by the pupils,
as shown in the recent examinations and closing exercises of the
school-year of 1878.

As a former teacher in the school, I was better able to judge
of that progress than a stranger; and truly, looking back to
those who were promising pupils then, but in lower classes,
and seeing so many of them now in the highest class, and doing
credit to themselves and teachers, is not only gratifying, but
an encouragement to all who have taken an interest in the work
here through all its vicissitudes. The school is now under the
very able management of Rev. M. O. Harrington and wife, with Miss
L. A. Abbott as assistant, and has ninety-three pupils enrolled.
It is answering well the purpose of its establishment, viz.: To
provide for colored pupils at Macon and surrounding places a higher
education than the common-school, without the expense of going
elsewhere.

The examinations on the 13th and 14th were listened to by a
large number of the more intelligent of the colored patrons and
friends of the school. Members of the press were also present, and
showed themselves highly pleased. The pupils went through their
examinations in all their various studies in a manner which showed
they were perfectly familiar with all they had gone over in their
text-books. All showed thoroughness and promptness, from the lowest
to the highest class. Problems in algebra were demonstrated, axioms
given, translations from Latin and English sentences analyzed and
parsed, in a manner that did credit to teachers and scholars.

On the night of the 14th, a literary entertainment was given by
the pupils, which included vocal and instrumental music, with
essays, declamations, etc. Two allegories, “The Pilgrim’s Choice,”
and “Light Hearts’ Pilgrimage,” deserve special notice, for not
only the beautiful manner in which they were rendered, but for the
life-lessons they taught, and the mental power developed by those
who had so successfully learned their long and difficult parts.
The essays, “Missed Lessons,” and “Little by Little,” and “No
Excellence without Labor,” showed marked ability in the pupils,
and a strong desire to aim high and persevere in their efforts to
obtain greater advancement. The quartette singing was listened to
with almost breathless attention; and, indeed, one could not help
thinking that here was a band that, with proper training, might
in time rival the famous Jubilee Singers. I am sure little Miss
Kitchen, the youngest of the singers, would even now create a
sensation in any audience; her fearlessly clear, high tones give
promise of a “star” singer, could she have proper training.

Teachers and scholars deserve great credit for their efforts, and
their merit is appreciated to that degree that they have been
called upon to repeat the entertainment on the 17th.

       *       *       *       *       *


A Bright Day in Athens.

MR. JOHN MCINTOSH.

May 24th, the closing exercises of my school came off. Between the
hours of nine and four o’clock, over two hundred persons gathered
into the Knox’s Institute, to witness the closing exercises and
a spelling-match between my school and another from a different
section of the city. Prof. A. Brumby, of the Georgia University,
and the Mayor of Athens, were present. These distinguished visitors
remained some hours, and, on leaving, spoke very encouragingly to
my pupils and patrons. They said that they noticed many indications
of progress and thoroughness.

Prof. Brumby said he was perfectly astonished, and so were his
pupils who came with him. He said good work was being done at the
Knox’s Institute, and he hoped that this work would continue.
The Mayor said many good things, among which were these words:
“You are not only being taught lessons in books, but also lessons
of virtue and morality.” He bade us go on. My school beat in
the spelling-match, and this encouraged my pupils greatly. The
Athenians are awake. I shall return the latter part of June to
labor for three months under the free-school system.

       *       *       *       *       *


The Religious Work in Georgia.

REV. F. MARKHAM, SAVANNAH.

The religious work of the A. M. A. in Savannah and the vicinity
has never been in as prosperous a condition since I have been
here as at the present. The increase in the congregations and the
membership has been greater than any previous year.

At Savannah, twenty-four have united with the church; fourteen
children have been baptized. The Sabbath-school has more than
doubled in numbers. Over two hundred scholars are enrolled; the
average attendance is about one hundred and sixty.

Ogeechee Church, which is ten miles from Savannah, has received
nineteen members. Brother McLean has the confidence and support
of his people. He is doing a good work in the Sabbath-school.
His wife is a good worker, and a great help, especially in the
Sabbath-school. There are about fifty scholars in the school. They
also teach a day-school and a night-school.

Plymouth Church, at Woodville, three miles west of Savannah, Rev.
J. H. H. Sengstacke, pastor, has had an interesting work of grace
in the Sabbath-school. Twenty-eight united with the church, mostly
from the Sabbath-school, which has about seventy-five scholars. The
day-school numbers now about fifty; in the winter it had a hundred;
now the children have to work.

East Savannah is two-and-a-half miles from the city—a little
village of colored people. A few whites are there, who live by
selling liquor to the colored people. There are nearly three
hundred children in that vicinity. The A. M. A., by the assistance
of a Boston friend, built a little church there. J. H. Stephens,
a student in my theological class, started a Sabbath-school, and
preaches to the people. The children are very wild, though some
have bright intellects, and can make useful men and women; but they
are as uncultivated as the children in the centre of Africa. It
is very hard to keep the attention of such children, and secure a
regular attendance at school. Mrs. Markham and Hattie B. Markham
and Mr. Floyd have been going out regularly every Sabbath to work
in the East Savannah Sabbath-school. Sometimes they have had eighty
or ninety scholars, then only forty or fifty; the average has been
about sixty.

I can see a decided improvement in the conduct of the scholars.
They come in and go out orderly, pay better attention, and begin to
understand what a Sabbath-school is for; when they leave for home,
they do not make such hideous noises, but go along the street more
quietly. They have to be taught everything. There are thousands
upon thousands of children in Georgia in the same condition. We
hope soon to be able to organize a church at East Savannah, of
twelve or fifteen members.

Belmont is four miles south-west from Savannah. The church here is
supplied by Wilson Callen, a very faithful man of God. The church
suffered here by a bad man, who preached for them, but was last
year expelled from church. He claims to be a preacher still, and is
doing what he can to draw the people away. The work is gradually
improving, both in the church and Sabbath-school.

Louisville, two miles south-west of Savannah, has a church of about
twenty-five, and a Sabbath-school of about the same number. Brother
Callen supplies this work also, and is growing in the confidence of
the people, and his school and congregation are increasing. We hope
for a revival here.

Midway Church, in Liberty Co., is about thirty miles from
Savannah; Rev. J. E. Smith, a graduate of Atlanta University, is
pastor. This church is in a healthy and prosperous state. Since
Rev. Floyd Snelson left here, to go to Africa, there have been
added nine members. I hear many encouraging things about Brother
Smith’s work there. There are now about two hundred and forty
members. Here is a fine opportunity to do good. The most of the
people are securing permanent homes. The colored people need to be
taught to act and think for themselves, and feel responsibility.

There is great need of more help here. The day-school ought to have
additional help. There is a necessity for a woman of cultivation.
All mission work is like a child—it must grow or die. I hope the
people at the North are not willing we shall die.

       *       *       *       *       *


ALABAMA.

Two Ordinations at Talladega—How Churches Begin and Grow.

REV. GEO. E. HILL, MARION.

I have just had the pleasure of attending two ordinations of
colored men, the first of the kind I ever witnessed. These young
men were recent graduates of Talladega College, and, having only
last week attended the examinations in the Theological Department
of this institution, in charge of Prof. Andrews, I was prepared for
at least a respectable appearance on their part.

But the event exceeded expectation. In the first instance the
examination of the candidate continued through two hours and was
very searching and thorough, the council consisting in part of
three college professors.

The young brother maintained his self-possession, and appeared
almost as much at home in theology as if he had been a professor
himself. Indeed, I may say of both these brethren, in all my
remembrance of ordinations at the North, I have seldom seen a
candidate for the sacred office appear better on the whole.

It is truly inspiring to behold the work which such a college as
this is doing for the colored race, not only in providing good
schools and teachers, but in raising up an intelligent ministry,
and in planting the right kind of Christian churches.

Here, for example, at A., where we were the other day, there is the
old established Episcopal Church, for white folks, and, perhaps,
a colored church or two, where “faith” is more insisted on than
“works.” A new order now comes in, which is at first looked upon
with distrust as an innovation. A church is organized with eight
or ten members. Preaching is statedly kept up by students from
the college. The congregation steadily increases; and, in three
years, partly through the exertions of the members, and partly
by the kindly aid of the “Iron Company,” a neat little chapel is
built, with a miniature parsonage alongside. A pastor is called,
and an ordination takes place, conducted with as much solemnity and
decorum as if it were in the suburbs of New York or Boston. The
people outside look on. Strangers are attracted in. Distrust gives
place to respect. The influence is contagious. Shiftlessness and
immorality have been exchanged for industry and thrift. Society is
reconstructed. “The tree is known by its fruits.”

May the good work go on, and such trees and such fruit be
multiplied a thousand fold!

I was grieved to learn that, in the case of one of these young
pastors, with a wife and child, all the pay he expects to receive
is fifteen dollars a month from the A. M. A.

       *       *       *       *       *


Closing Days of Emerson Institute—Algebra—“Lower ’Strumties” and
the Ledger.

MISS S. J. IRWIN, MOBILE.

The school at Mobile closed satisfactorily. Public examinations
were held on the last two days. The interest manifested by the
attendance of the people was highly gratifying, and as some of
the examinations were beyond the understanding of the majority of
the audience, it was noticeable that they should have remained
during the day at the expense of their dinners, and a number of
the working men at the expense of a day’s income, in order to show
their appreciation of what was being done for their children.

There were examinations in all studies pursued during the year; and
the commendable degree of faithfulness and zeal which has been the
marked characteristic of the scholars, was evinced at the close.

The advanced grammar-class ended its lesson with the correction,
on the black-board, of a letter by a colored candidate for office,
recently published; the class gave rules for its criticisms and
explanations.

An algebra-class was reported by a Southern lady of high
intelligence, who had taught that branch for a number of years,
as the best she ever heard, doing credit to any class or grade of
scholars.

The exercises of the primary room, also, elicited much comment on
the careful drill that had been bestowed in the endeavor to convey
the spirit of study, and not alone the “letter” thereof, although
the “Busy Bees” were not far in advance of that fundamental
branch of education. They could readily grasp the _fact_, in the
physiological lecture, of the different parts of the body, although
their undeveloped articulation could only pronounce the arms and
limbs as the “upper” and “lower ’strumties.”

A white gentleman of much educational experience, who has charge of
an academy for young men, left his own duties to be present during
the last day; and his final address to the pupils was pleasingly
commendatory of their progress and attainments.

In his original and epigrammatic manner he told them to go ahead,
and get beyond these lazy white boys, who liked to have so much
done for them—for you can do it! He had tried to shame his boys
before, by telling what the Emerson Institute scholars could do,
and he surely could now. He concluded, urging them not to forget to
bring, and the parents to send, the little tuition money which came
due once in a while, and was so small a recompense for what they
received.

A paper was read by two of the oldest scholars, entitled “Emerson
Institute Ledger,” for which the subscription price was readily
paid, which was announced to be “undivided attention, payable in
advance.” Some members of the audience offered to pay for the paper
if it could be regularly issued.

Addresses by ministers and others followed the examinations; the
school sang “Gathering Home”; the circulars announcing the next
year’s school-work were distributed; the hope was expressed of
seeing the familiar faces again after these intervening months of
vacation; the Lord’s Prayer chanted; the benediction; warm and
tearful words of farewell between pupils and teachers, and the
doors closed upon another year’s work.

       *       *       *       *       *


MISSISSIPPI.

The Year at Tougaloo University—Results and Reforms.

REV. G. STANLEY POPE, PRINCIPAL.

As we look back over the school-year, we have every reason to feel
that it has been a successful year.

The health of the teachers has been good; their devotion to the
work unsurpassed, and their success in the school-room everything
that could be expected.

The general health of the school has kept up well. There were only
two serious cases of sickness, and no deaths, for which we are very
thankful to our protecting Father. None were even obliged to leave
school on this account.

The attendance from abroad has been much larger than usual, and
those attending have uniformly been anxious to remain during the
whole session.

We graduated our first class this year, and there has been quite
a class spirit developed, so that there is a strong desire on the
part of the pupils to remain in school and graduate in the classes
that they are now in.

The religious work has not been marked by as many conversions
as we had hoped to see; but there has been great progress made
in Christian activity in certain directions, especially in
_Sunday-school Work_ and _Temperance Reform_.

The Sabbath before Commencement we spent in Sunday-school
Convention. Steps were taken to organize a Sunday-school Union,
which promises to greatly enlarge our usefulness to those in the
surrounding country. No such work has ever before been undertaken.

In our temperance work we were opposed at the outset by the leading
students. For some time it looked as though we were not going to
bring them to the point of taking a stand, even after they were
brought to see that the people were being ruined by strong drink.
But the victory was most complete. Students who had to leave before
the year closed, sent back for pledges. They were hard at work
in the temperance reform. When school closed, every one who was
going out to teach, and many others, took pledges, and went out
enthusiastic to their new field of labor. This seems to us the
peculiar feature of our work this year outside the school-room.

The work in the school-room has been marked by thoroughness. Gen.
J. A. Smith, State Superintendent of Education, writes me: “Only
having attended your exercises one day, I am hardly prepared to
give anything more than impressions hastily formed. I will say,
however, those were all favorable. The examinations of the classes,
so far as I heard them, especially in mathematics, surpassed my
expectations * * * Judging from the order and system exhibited,
I was led to believe that the discipline of the institution was
excellent.”

Nothing could more fitly have followed the instructions of the
year than Rev. W. S. Alexander’s address, on Commencement Day, on
“Natural and Acquired Right.” It was full of interest and wise
application.

       *       *       *       *       *


LOUISIANA.


“Here am I; Send Me, Send Me.”

_One of many Applications._

                                                _June 24, 1878._

PROF. A. K. SPENCE:

_Dear Sir_—I just received a catalogue from Fisk University, and I
must frankly express myself as gratified at the noble work that is
being accomplished by Fisk University.

I am anxious to attend the University so as to prepare myself
as a missionary to Africa. I have a poor mother, and I am her
only support, and I know not how I shall ever be able to make
preparations.

Let me know the provisions made for those preparing to go on
mission.

I have made quite an advancement in the English branches, but
desire to pursue the High Normal course proscribed in your
institute, and also the studies of the theological course.

I feel that I must go to Africa. “Here am I; send me, send me.”

See what can be done for me. I can bring certificates of my
advancement made, and also of character. I shall patiently wait to
hear from you, and trust you will not forget me.

    Your brother in Christ,                          F. C. L.

       *       *       *       *       *


FROM NEW ORLEANS TO NEW YORK.

REV. W. S. ALEXANDER.

The Commencement season, marking the completion of a year’s work
and the beginning of welcome and needed rest to the teachers in the
South, is now well over, and those who have wrought so faithfully
during the year, are enjoying the quiet of their Northern homes.
While _en route_ to New York, it was my pleasure to visit several
of our most prominent institutions, and I shall be glad to speak of
what I saw. By way of preface, let me say of


STRAIGHT UNIVERSITY

that the school-year closed happily and successfully. The
examinations, which are the best test of scholarship and progress,
gave great satisfaction to our friends, and the teachers were
glad and grateful to feel that the year’s work had been a good
one. We graduated ten young men from the Law Department, of whom
eight were white, showing the appreciation of the manner in which
this department is conducted. It is entirely self-supporting,
the professors accepting the fees of the students as their
compensation. Next year we anticipate a class of twenty-five.
We graduated three young ladies from the Academic Department.
They were superior scholars, and will be successful teachers. At
our annual exhibition, and at the Commencement exercises on a
subsequent evening, an audience of 800 were in attendance, to show
by their presence their deep interest in the prosperity of our
beloved institution.

Leaving New Orleans on Tuesday evening, June 4th, we were met at
Jackson, Miss., by Brother Pope, with whom we went to


TOUGALOO.

What a delightful location! my first thought was. It does not
require a great degree of self-denial to spend the winter in such
a retreat as this. The mission-house is situated in the centre
of a plantation of five hundred acres, and the approach to it is
through a superb grove or forest of oaks, festooned with Spanish
moss. Coming from parched and dry New Orleans, where the sun
smites so fiercely in midsummer, the country around Tougaloo
seemed delightfully fresh and cool. I found teachers and pupils
in the midst of their annual examinations. I was impressed with
the faithfulness and thoroughness of the instruction given here.
There was no “coaching” and no prompting, but every student was
put to a fair test of scholarship and proficiency. The singing
was an important and interesting feature of Commencement week.
Tougaloo could send out its troop of Jubilee Singers, who would
win general favor. Great credit is due to the teachers of
vocal and instrumental music. The institution, already in such
good condition, should have, at the earliest day, increased
accommodations for boarding-scholars, enabling them to receive a
larger number of mature pupils from all parts of Mississippi. From
Tougaloo I went to


SELMA, ALA.,

for a day only. This is one of the prettiest towns in Alabama.
The county has a dense negro population, so that the school must
always have abundant patronage. It was pleasant to find here Mr.
Silsby, whose father was an efficient worker in the same field many
years. Mr. Burrell, who is still living, has the great satisfaction
of knowing that his benevolent gift has been so fruitful of good
results. I reached


TALLADEGA

in time for my appointment on Sunday. This was another surprise
to me. Situated in the mountain region of Alabama, with a grand
outlook on every side, with fresh breezes from the hills, and
with valleys clothed with verdure, it certainly seemed as though
a Divine hand guided in the choice of this favored site. The
Baccalaureate sermon by the college pastor, Rev. Mr. Hickox, was
able and timely. The examinations were full of interest, and
brought out the real merit of the instruction and the zeal and
diligence of the students. I was particularly pleased with the
theological examination conducted by Rev. Mr. Andrews. It covered
a wide range of study, and showed that the young men had been
taught to think and reason for themselves. I noticed with great
satisfaction, in the boarding department, the orderly and polite
deportment of the seventy-five young men and women who gather three
times a day in the same dining-hall. It was like a quiet Christian
family. The training received here will be beyond value, and will
reach many families in the State. Were a boarding department not
necessary, it would be very desirable for the culture of manners
and the direct influence on character of the association of the
sexes.


MEMPHIS.

It was a long and wearisome journey to Tennessee. I was never
sure of making a railroad connection, as we do on the grand trunk
lines. Le Moyne Institute has an interesting history. Dr. Le
Moyne, the noted Cremationist, was the generous benefactor of this
institution. Without him, it would not now exist. I was too late
for the examinations, but in time for the Commencement exercises.
They were held in the pretty Congregational Church, and were
highly creditable. I found here a company of live, enthusiastic
teachers. The mission-house is a most home-like place, and it was
not difficult for me, on inquiring of citizens, to ascertain that
Le Moyne Institute is thoroughly prized in Memphis. With the same
corps of teachers as now, they can hardly fail of success. Here, as
in many other points in the South, dormitories are urgently needed.
They cannot secure, without them, the best class of students, and
the school will remain, at best, a High or Normal School, when it
might be the College, in West Tennessee, for the colored people.
If some man of Dr. Le Moyne’s generosity would put up a fine
building for a dormitory, he would be planting seed-corn which
would yield many harvests in the coming years. A fact which touches
our hearts at every repetition of it, is that, years ago, during
the yellow-fever epidemic, two of the teachers heroically remained
at their posts and ministered to those smitten with the fever, and
cheerfully paid the forfeit with their lives. Such men and women
are made of “good stuff,” and the cause they represent has a right
to popular sympathy and support.

With regard to our general work in the South, I was glad to
notice everywhere quickened zeal, followed by greatly increased
prosperity. I believe the good work among the freedmen was never
so efficient as to-day, and never so richly deserved the hearty
sympathy and generous benefactions of the good people of the North.
As it is no time to sound a retreat when an army has gained its
earliest victories, so it is no time, in the work of education and
evangelization among the freedmen in the South, to repress zeal
or to slacken effort, or to retrench where retrenchment would be
fatal; but to push forward till the highest results are achieved.

       *       *       *       *       *




AFRICA.

       *       *       *       *       *


THE MENDI MISSION.

Converts Added to the Church—Death of Mrs. Dr. James.

REV. FLOYD SNELSON, GOOD HOPE.

The church-work is progressing very well. At our last communion,
the first Sabbath in May, eleven natives united with the church,
all hopefully converted. It was a great day with us. One of the old
sisters, who had been here from the beginning, cried out, “Thank
God! I’ve never seen it so before,” with many other expressions
of joy. This is the result of steady work. Others are seeking
admission; but it was thought best that they should wait until
another opportunity. One child was baptized. Pray that the Lord may
bless us.

With painful regret I must inform you that Death has entered our
ranks, and has taken away one of our missionaries—our sister, Mrs.
James. I wrote you in my last that she and her little daughter
were unwell. I learned by a letter May 20th from Dr. James (who is
stationed at Avery), that his wife was seized with a convulsion
on the morning of Sunday, the 19th, while engaged in her domestic
business, was taken to her room, and that one convulsion succeeded
another rapidly, and with such violence that she could not speak,
until two o’clock in the night, when she died.

Brother Jackson is well again, and he and his wife have returned
to Avery Station, to resume their work. All are now comparatively
well, and the work is going on. We feel its importance more and
more, and we are not discouraged by the fact that one has fallen,
but will close up our ranks and march forward, hoping to be
reinforced from time to time, until the victory is won.

       *       *       *       *       *




THE CHINESE.


“CALIFORNIA CHINESE MISSION.”

Auxiliary to the American Missionary Association.

  PRESIDENT: Rev. J. K. McLean, D. D. VICE-PRESIDENTS: Rev. A. L.
  Stone, D. D., Thomas C. Wedderspoon, Esq., Rev. T. K. Noble, Hon.
  F. F. Low, Rev. I. E. Dwinell, D. D., Hon. Samuel Cross, Rev. S.
  H. Willey, D. D., Edward P. Flint, Esq., Rev. J. W. Hough, D. D.,
  Jacob S. Taber, Esq.

  DIRECTORS: Rev. George Moor, D. D., Hon. E. D. Sawyer, Rev. W. E.
  Ijams, James M. Haven, Esq., Rev. Joseph Rowell, E. P. Sanford,
  Esq., H. W. Severance, Esq.

  SECRETARY: Rev. W. C. Pond. TREASURER: E. Palache, Esq.

       *       *       *       *       *


Items and Incidents.

REV. W. C. POND, SAN FRANCISCO.

STATISTICS.—Our schools have not yet recovered, so far as
attendance is concerned, from the shock they received through the
riots of last July. But they are gaining, and should no untoward
event occur, I hope that before this summer is ended they will
be as large as ever before—as large, that is, as we can possibly
sustain without an increase of means. Ten schools are now in
operation, and seventeen teachers are employed. The aggregate
number of pupils enrolled May 31st was 467, and the average
attendance was 242. This is a gain over months preceding, and
June promises something better still. The total number of Chinese
who had attended the schools, for a longer or shorter period,
from September 1st (the commencement of our fiscal year) to May
31st, was 1,178. Seventy-eight of these pupils give evidence of
conversion. The whole number whom we have reason to believe have
been born of God, during the last five years of our work, cannot be
much less than two hundred.

BAPTISMS.—Six of our pupils were baptized and received to Bethany
Church, San Francisco, on Sunday, June 2d. This makes the Chinese
membership of that church number forty-four. These brethren had
studied diligently the Confession of Faith and the Covenant, which
they were called publicly to accept, and had approved themselves
well through their five to eight months of “probation” in our
“Association of Christian Chinese.” I have no doubt that both
the Confession and Covenant contained words which they could not
define; but I have also no doubt that “for substance of doctrine,”
they assented to the one and consented to the other intelligently,
honestly and devoutly. I shall never forget the evening I spent
with them, questioning them as to their views and purposes and
experiences as Christians. Not one of them but had come out of more
or less tribulation, into this decided and outspoken Christian
life. Friends turn their backs upon them and load them with
reproaches, but they seem to harbor no feeling of resentment—only
longing to impart to their persecutors the same blessing they have
found for themselves.

On the same day the first Chinese child of our church was baptized,
under the “Christian name,” as her father phrased it, of Lily Lee.
This father was one of the first group of Chinese converts whom it
was my privilege to receive to the church. He returned to Canton
about two years since, and sought out, at one of the missions, a
Christian wife; and so, in his one room in California, he has now
a Christian home. On the same day, also, Wah Yin was baptized and
received to the Congregational Church in Petaluma—the first-fruits,
so far as church membership is concerned, of our mission there. He
is a very interesting Christian, and has endured hardness, as a
good soldier. He has been not only reproached, but whipped, by his
countrymen, for the name of Christ. But he says “it didn’t hurt
much,” and we should never have known of the fact, but that one who
took part in it boasted of it openly.

LU LUNE, for nearly a year a missionary helper, was offered by
his uncle a position as Chinese foreman at the salmon fisheries
near Collinsville. The work there knows no Sabbath, and the
Chinese settlement abounds in gambling and opium dens and in petty
idol shrines. The position was, in a worldly point of view, very
desirable, but Lu Lune refused to go unless he could have his
Sabbath, and could be permitted to be just such a Christian there
as he would be at the mission-house itself. It is a token of Lu
Lune’s own desirableness that his terms were accepted, and he is
there, trying, as opportunity offers, to preach Christ, and letting
the light of a Christian example shine all the while. I may add
that this is the fourth among the Chinese members of our church
who has been placed in a position of trust by persons who knew
nothing and cared nothing about their Christian professions. It is
a tribute paid to their trustworthiness.

LEE HAIM, recently appointed as a helper, has now been for two
months in Sacramento. The increase in attendance and interest
at the school speaks well for his zeal and aptitude. Under his
influence, the Christian members of the school have rented a small
building for a sort of Home, and he uses it as a chapel. I will
quote a few words from his letter of June 6th, correcting his
English a little, for, while he, like Wong Sam, excels most of his
countrymen here in knowledge of Chinese, he is also like Wong Sam
in his trouble with English idioms:

“Now, dear brother, Mr. Pond, I am happy to say to you a few words
how the mighty God has done to us. He has prepared us a home, and
leads many Chinese to come to learn the Word of Him, and to study
your language, also. When the Sabbath-day is come, I am happy to
go down to preach to them on “I” street, where the Chinese dwell.
Some of our countrymen very anxious to hear, and some are not. I
think our congregation of Christian Chinese will become large,
though I am weak, and no one can help me to take a part on Saturday
and Sunday evenings. Yet I remember a certain man in Cesarea,
called Cornelius, had feared God, with all his house, and prayed to
God always, and then God heard his prayer, and said to him, ‘Thy
prayers and thine alms are come up for a memorial before God.’—Acts
x. 18. So I will ask God what we need. Then we receive. Oh, how
glorious! So I wish you pray for me; so I will pray for you, and
all your family and teachers.”

AN INDIAN GIFT.—Such gifts were not in good repute in the days of
my childhood, but for me the name is now redeemed. A venerable
Presbyterian pastor in the State of New York, who had himself
previously made a generous donation in aid of our work, writes a
second time as follows: “After reading the account of your work
on page 150 of the May number of THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY, at our
missionary meeting, last evening, an Indian came forward and handed
me fifty cents for your mission, with tears in his eyes. I hasten
to enclose his offering, with those of others, making out for you a
postal order for five dollars.” I know not what others may see in
this brief epistle, or how others would receive that Indian’s gift;
but to me it came as something surpassingly sacred. I certainly
mean to make _every_ donation go as far as possible; but some have
in them their _par value_—simply that and nothing more. This came
to me fragrant with incense and wet with tears—a vial full of
odors, which are the prayers of saints—and to use it except with
utmost care and earnest supplication seemed like sacrilege.

OUR STOCKTON SCHOOL.—Mrs. M. C. Brown, teacher at Stockton, says:
“Ah Gun (otherwise Jimmie), one who had gladdened my heart by his
consecration to Christ, left us December 29th, to go to Oregon. He
had been a regular attendant at my school for eighteen months, and
for the last three of his stay, I have every reason to think he was
a true Christian. Three weeks since came the news that the vessel
on which he sailed was wrecked, and Jimmie was among the lost. May
he not even now be singing that song, known only to those who have
‘washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb’?
This is the first ripe grain, so far as I know, gathered from this
school into the garner of the Good Husbandman.”

       *       *       *       *       *




THE CHILDREN’S PAGE.


       *       *       *       *       *

AN UNCONSCIOUS JONAH.

The following correspondence will explain itself. A letter sent
by mail to buy _Wellsprings_, and enclosing the necessary money
missed its way, and was brought with waste paper to a mill; there
it was found by a boy of ten years. The sender of the letter was
sought out by the boy’s father, and, as a result of it all, the
money, somewhat increased, has through us purchased _Wellsprings_
to supply the school at Ogeechee, Ga., for six months. So at last
this Jonah has arrived at his Nineveh. We think this singular
discovery and pleasant correspondence has in it several suggestive
lessons. If some of our young friends will write us what they think
it teaches, we will be glad to print their suggestions in the next
MISSIONARY.


                                        “N. A., MASS., May 17, 1878.

“Mr. D. O.: _Sir_—The letter written by yourself, which I enclose
in this, will explain the reason for my wishing to ascertain your
address. My little boy found the letter, with the money enclosed,
in the paper-mill in this place, as he was looking among the old
waste for some fancy scraps of paper. He came to me with it, to
know what was to be done. I thought it a good opportunity to
impress upon his mind the value of strict honesty, and told him
that of course we must try to find the owner. Thus, after being
tossed about among old rags for nearly two years, the money will if
not again miscarried, return to its original owner. If the money is
received, please acknowledge the same.

        “Yours truly,                                      C. R. D.”


_The Lost Letter._

                                          “NEW YORK, July 19, 1876.

“MOSES H. SARGENT, ESQ.:

“_Dear Sir_—Enclosed find one and 20/100 dollars. Please send me by
return (if possible) the value in _Wellsprings_—the latest issue. I
want to use them next Sabbath.

        “Yours very truly,                                    D. O.”


                                            “NEW YORK, May 20, 1878.

“Mr. C. R. D.: _Dear Sir_—Yours of the 17th, with the money
enclosed, reached me, for which please accept my best thanks.

“Due inquiries for the letter were made at the post-office here at
the time, but without success, and of course I concluded that it
had been opened and money stolen by some post office official. Even
now there is some mystery, which perhaps might be removed if the
(original) envelope could be found.

“The amount at the time was designed for a good cause, in
connection with Sunday-school work, and I feel, after what has
happened, that the Lord, having delivered it from the jaws of the
paper mill, has an additional claim upon it, and so I propose that
your little boy (with your help, if necessary) name an object to
which he would like it applied.

“Jonah, when appointed to do certain work, was disobedient and,
you know, soon found himself in the ‘fish’s belly.’ From this
uncomfortable situation, however, he was soon delivered, and _one
more_ opportunity given him to obey orders—with better results.
Now, suppose we call our dollar and twenty cents the _disobedient
Jonah_, and our little friend the _fish_; and now that our Jonah
has landed safely, suppose we give him one more opportunity for
obeying his orders?

“Please say to my little friend that I appreciate what he has done
in this matter, and congratulate the son on having a good adviser,
and the father on having a son inclined to take good advice.

“Should you reply to this note, please give me the boy’s name and
age, and photograph likeness if you have one.

        “Yours respectfully and truly,                        D. O.”


                                        “N. A., MASS., May 25, 1878.

“Mr. D. O.: _Dear Sir_—Your very happy acknowledgement of the
receipt of that money (or I might, say, of that ‘Jonah’), which
went so far astray from the first direction given to it, was duly
received, and the reaching of it listened to by our little boy, or
the ‘fish’ with much delight.

“Our son’s name is Edwin H. He is ten years of age. He is quite
pleased that the money is going to be used to do missionary
work and that you have given him the privilege of deciding what
direction it shall take in starting on a second trip.

“Now, Eddie thinks that if this Jonah has not done the work which
he was first directed, and has had such a wonderful escape from
a terrible death, that, he can do no better than to follow the
directions given to the Prophet Jonah, who was saved by a much
bigger ‘fish’ than himself, and those directions are found in Jonah
iii. 2, viz.: ‘Arise; go unto Nineveh, that great city, and preach
unto it the preaching that I bid thee.’ Therefore, this Jonah must
go and sell himself for as many good little papers as he can, and
be distributed among the little boys and girls of some mission
Sunday-school; and may the good resulting be proportionate to that
accomplished by Jonah of old.

“We have no recently-taken photograph, but such as we have I
enclose, in compliance with your request.

        “Yours very truly,                                 C. R. D.”

       *       *       *       *       *




RECEIPTS

FOR JUNE, 1878.


       *       *       *       *       *

  MAINE, $7.42.

    Hampden. Cong. Ch.                                         5.32
    Waterford. Cong. Sab. Sch. $1.60; Mrs. C. D.
      50c.                                                     2.10


  NEW HAMPSHIRE, $128.36.

    Amherst. S. C. A. and S. E. A. 50c. ea., _for
      Memorial Inst., Wilmington, N. C._                       1.00
    Candia. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                17.37
    Canterbury. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            13.75
    Chester. Miss C. S. G.                                     0.25
    Gilsum. Cong. Ch. and Soc. $16.25; Cong. Sab.
      Sch. $8.85; Dea. A. M. K. $1                            26.10
    Lyme. Cong. Ch. and Soc. (ad’l)                            2.00
    Nashua. Dea. James Hartshorn, _for Memorial
      Inst., Wilmington, N. C._                               10.00
    Pembroke. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              32.39
    Short Falls. J. W. C.                                      1.00
    Wakefield. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              8.50
    Webster. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               16.00


  VERMONT, $194.89.

    Bellows Falls. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         18.38
    Brownington. Dea. Wm. Spencer                              5.00
    Cornwall. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              45.34
    Danby. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                     2.16
    Danville. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                  8.44
    Essex Centre. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                           6.00
    Fayetteville. Individuals by A. Birchard                   1.00
    Greensborough. R. E. Crane                                 5.00
    Jericho. Mrs. Lucy Spaulding $10; C. H. L. $1             11.00
    Norwich. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               10.00
    Orwell. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                26.20
    St. Johnsbury. North Cong. Ch.                             8.00
    Salisbury. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              7.82
    Swanton. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               25.00
    Wallingford. By Ettie A. Ballou $1.25, and bbl
      of C.                                                    1.25
    Westminster, West. Mission Band by Nellie
      Houghton, Treas.                                         6.00
    Windham. Cong. Sab. Sch. $6.30; H. N.
      Prentiss, $2.00                                          8.30


  MASSACHUSETTS, $3,070.47.

    Amesbury and Salisbury Mills. Cong. Ch. Miss.
      and Sab. Sch. Concerts                                  11.00
    Amherst. William M. Graves                                20.00
    Andover. Joseph W. Smith, _for Telescope,
      Atlanta U._                                             20.00
    Ashby. Rev. Mr. S., _for Memorial Inst.
      Wilmington, N. C._                                       1.00
    Athol. H. G.                                               0.50
    Attleborough. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                   82.04
    Ayer. Mrs. E. A. Spaulding, _for Student Aid,
      Talladega C._                                           70.00
    Belchertown. Mrs. Agnes M. Knowlton                        2.00
    Beverly. Dane St. Sab. Sch.                               20.09
    Boston. Old South Cong. Ch. and Soc.
      $218,—Park St. Sab. Sch. $50, _for Student
      Aid, Atlanta U.;_ “A Friend” $25, _for
      Telescope, Atlanta U.;_ Mrs. Collins $5                298.00
    Boxford. Sab. Sch. $20; and “Friends” $14.75,
      _for Ind. Sch., Talladega_                              34.75
    Bradford. Mrs. Sarah C. Boyd, _for Student
      Aid, Atlanta U._                                        15.00
    Cambridgeport. Ladies’ Aux. of Pilgrim Ch. 2
      bbls. of C.
    Chicopee. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                       19.46
    Clinton. First Evan. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                  100.00
    Dana. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                   1.50
    Dover. H. H. F.                                            0.50
    Easthampton. Payson Cong. Sab. Sch.                       50.00
    East Weymouth. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         15.00
    Enfield. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              100.00
    Falmouth. ESTATE of Lucy Lawrence, by Silas
      Jones                                                  300.00
    Fitchburg. J. A. Conn, _for a Student, Atlanta
      U._                                                     50.00
    Foxborough. Mrs. Polly Hartshorn                           5.00
    Georgetown. “A Friend”                                     5.00
    Granville Corners. C. Holcomb                              5.00
    Groton. Union Cong. Ch. and Soc.                          11.50
    Hanover. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                          3.70
    Harwich Port. Rev. J. R. Munsell                           2.00
    Hawley. “A Friend”                                         2.00
    Holliston. Cong. Ch. and Soc. $48.28; “Ladies’
      Bible-Class” Cong. Ch. $25, by J. Batchelder            73.28
    Haydenville. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                           11.00
    Lawrence. South Cong. Ch. and Soc.                        21.00
    Leicester First Cong. Ch. and Soc.
      $21.46.—Mrs. N. $1, _for Memorial Inst.,
      Wilmington, N. C._                                      22.46
    Lowell. Kirk St. Cong. Ch. and Soc. $50;
      Elliot Cong. Ch. by J. G. B. $25                        75.00
    Lynnfield Centre. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                      12.10
    Marlborough. Union Cong. Ch. and Soc.                     65.00
    Medford. Dea. Galen James                                700.00
    Natick. First Cong. Sab. Sch., _for bell for
      First Cong. Ch., Atlanta, Ga._                          25.00
    Newbury. North Cong. Ch. and Soc. $27.52;
      First Cong. Ch. and Soc. $19.18                         46.70
    Newburyport. Whitfield Cong. Ch.                          10.73
    Northampton. “A Friend.”                                 150.00
    Otis. Rev. J. C. S.                                        0.50
    Palmer. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         12.66
    Petersham. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              4.25
    Rockdale Mills. Housatonic Cong. Ch.                      39.58
    Salem. Joseph H. Towne $100; A. P. $1                    101.00
    Saxonville. Edward’s Ch. and Sab. Sch.                    30.00
    Scituate. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                  4.93
    Somerville. Infant-Class of Franklin St. Ch.               8.75
    Southampton. “A Friend,” by Miss J. E. Strong              3.00
    South Amherst. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         10.00
    South Braintree. Miss R. A. Faxon, _for
      Student Aid, Atlanta U._                                 5.00
    South Hadley. Members Mt. Holyoke Fem. Sem.               18.70
    South Weymouth. Union Cong. Ch. (ad’l)                     5.00
    Springfield. “E. M. P.,” South Ch.                        20.00
    Stoneham. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              15.68
    Topsfield. ESTATE of Mrs. R. C. Towne, _for
      Student Aid_                                           100.00
    Townsend. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              13.00
    Uxbridge. Mrs. Ellis                                       2.00
    Wakefield. Mrs. A. S.                                      0.25
    Walpole. Mrs. C. F. Metcalf                                5.00
    Warren. First Cong. Ch. and Soc., to const.
      DEA. M. W. FAY and MRS. E. H. HITCHCOCK, L.
      M.’s                                                    63.20
    Watertown. Ladies of Phillips’ Ch. 2 bbls. of
      C., _for Wilmington, N. C._
    West Boylston. Polly W. Ames and Geo. W. Ames
      $3 ea.                                                   6.00
    Westminster. Ladies’ Sew. Soc. $5 and bbl. of
      C., _for Ind. Sch., Talladega_                           5.00
    West Hampton. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                          15.00
    West Springfield. Park St. Ch.                            12.07
    Winchendon. Atlanta Soc., _for Student Aid,
      Atlanta U._                                             48.00
    Worcester. Union Cong. Ch.                                64.59


  RHODE ISLAND, $370.23.

    Central Falls. Cong. Ch.                                 370.23


  CONNECTICUT, $2,227.12.

    Bloomfield. Mrs. Sally Gillett, to const. AMY
      MARTHA HODGES L. M.                                     30.00
    Bristol. Miss. Soc., _for Ind Sch., Talladega_            20.00
    Colchester. First Cong. Ch. and Soc. $83.60,
      and Sab. Sch. $2.86                                     86.46
    Columbia. Cong. Ch. and Soc                               15.09
    East Haddam. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                     46.15
    Greenville. Miss C. Gordon and Miss Ayer, _for
      Student Aid, Atlanta U._                                15.00
    Hartford. Centre Ch.                                     690.58
    Kent. Cong. Sab. Sch., _for Fisk U._                      36.00
    Lakeville. “A Friend” $20, _for a Student,
      Fisk U._—Mrs. M. A. H. 51c.                             20.51
    Lyme. Rev. E. F. Burr                                     20.00
    Manchester. ——, _for Ind. Sch., Talladega_                12.50
    Meriden. E. E. Leonard                                     5.00
    Middletown. Third Cong. Ch. $30, to const.
      DEA. GEO. W. BOARDMAN L. M.; Mrs. L. C.
      Birdsey $5                                              35.00
    Newington. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                             19.70
    New Haven. College St. Ch. $40; Third Cong.
      Ch. 29.07                                               69.07
    New London. Trust ESTATE of Henry P. Haven
      ($100 of which for _Hampton N. and A. Inst._)          300.00
    New London. Mrs. J. A. R.                                  1.00
    Norfolk. Cong. Ch. to const. ABEL CAMP, JOHN K.
      SHEPARD and MRS. H. H. RIGGS L. M’s                    100.00
    North Coventry. Cong. Ch.                                 25.11
    Norwich. Mrs. Chas. Lee, _for Teachers_, and
      to const. MRS. M. A. GROSVENOR L. M.                    30.00
    Plainfield. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                2.50
    Pomfret. First Cong. Ch. 2 bbls C., _for New
      Orleans, La._
    Putnam. Mrs. M. A. Keith                                   2.00
    Rockville. Cong. Ch.                                      79.20
    Scotland. Cong. Ch.                                       15.00
    Simsbury. Miss J. T. C., _for Atlanta U._                  1.00
    Somersville. Cong. Ch.                                    35.66
    Suffield. First Cong. Ch. and Soc                         15.40
    Thomaston. ESTATE of Henry Brooks by J. K.
      Brooks, Ex’r.                                          336.90
    Thomaston. Cong. Ch.                                      39.60
    Tolland. Cong. Ch.                                         8.26
    Unionville. Cong. Ch., _for Talladega C._                 27.43
    Woodstock. “Friends,” _for Ind. Sch.,
      Talladega_                                              10.00
    Westport. A. Warren $5; Mrs. A. Warren $2                  7.00
    West Winsted. Mrs. J. C. Stillman                         10.00
    Windsor. Cong. Ch.                                        50.00
    ——. Rev. E. E. Rogers, _for Student Aid,
      Atlanta U._                                             10.00


  NEW YORK, $217.18

    Amsterdam. C. Bartlett                                    10.00
    Berkshire. Cong. Ch.                                      15.00
    Binghamton. Sheldon Warner                                10.00
    Brooklyn, E. D. New England Cong. Ch.                     22.39
    Jamestown. J. L. Hall $5; Mrs. J. L. Hall $2               7.00
    Middletown. Samuel Ayres $3, _for Home M. and
      $1 for Foreign M._                                       4.00
    New York. Mrs. Caroline P. Stokes, $50, _for
      Ind. Sch., Talladega_.—“Pilgrim Band,”
      Broadway Tabernacle, $7.29, _for a Student,
      Fisk U._                                                57.29
    Oneida. Stephen H. Goodwin                                80.00
    Oswego. Miss H. E. S.                                      0.50
    Warsaw. “A Friend”                                         4.00
    West Yaphank. H. M. Overton                                6.00
    Windsor. Mrs. J. W.                                        1.00


  NEW JERSEY, $108.16.

    Bound Brook. Cong. Ch.                                    16.00
    Jersey City. First Cong. Ch. $61.66.—Sab. Sch.
      Tabernacle Cong. Ch. $30, _for Student Aid,
      Fisk U._                                                91.66
    Newark. Mrs. G. E. S.                                      0.50


  PENNSYLVANIA, $57.36.

    Canton. H. Sheldon                                         5.00
    Gibson. “A Friend” $16.11; Miss B. C. 25c.                16.36
    Oxford. Rev. E. W.                                         1.00
    Philadelphia. Miss M. A. Longstreth, _for
      Student Aid, Atlanta U._                                25.00
    West Alexander. ——.                                       10.00


  OHIO, $935.21.

    Ashtabula. James Hall                                      5.00
    Atwater. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               14.69
    Brighton. Cong.                                            4.26
    Chardon. Cong. Soc. $3 and bbl. of C., _for
      Ind. Sch., Talladega_                                    3.00
    Cardington. R. H                                           0.50
    Delphos. M. D. J.                                          1.00
    Gomer. Welch Cong. Ch.                                    52.25
    Huntsburg. Bbl. of C. and $2, _for Ind. Sch.,
      Talladega_                                               2.00
    Madison. Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid, Tougaloo
      U._                                                     45.00
    Marysville. Sab. Sch., _for Ind. Sch.,
      Talladega_                                               4.30
    Marietta. First Cong. Ch.                                 83.50
    Mount Vernon. Cong. Ch.                                   81.50
    Plymouth. ESTATE of Henry Amerman, by A. L.
      Grimes                                                 600.00
    South Newbury. Ladies’ Soc., _for Ind. Sch.,
      Talladega_                                               3.06
    Tallmage. Cong. Ch. and Soc. $25.15; Rev. L.
      Shaw $10                                                35.15


  INDIANA, 25c.

    Elletsville. J. A. R.                                      0.25


  ILLINOIS, $1,046.80.

    Cobden. E. W. Towne, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._           10.00
    Chicago. C. G. Hammond $50, _for Student Aid,
      Fisk U._—Lincoln Park Ch. $27.75                        77.75
    Elgin. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                           25.00
    Farmington. Cong. Ch. $85.06.—Sab. Sch. and
      Individuals in Cong. Ch. $25, _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                          110.06
    Geneseo. Mr. and Mrs. N. B. Huntington $27,
      _for Student Aid, Fisk U._—Mrs. E. L.
      Atkinson $5.—J. T. A. 50c., _for Mag._                  32.50
    Homer. Cong. Ch.                                          15.46
    Hennepin. Cong. Ch.                                        7.42
    Ivanhoe. G. B.                                             1.00
    Jacksonville. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for
      Student Aid, Fisk U._                                   20.00
    Kewanee. Woman’s Miss. Soc. and Cong. Ch. $15
      and bbl. of C., by Mrs. C. C. Cully, _for
      Ind. Sch., Talladega_                                   15.00
    La Harpe. “A Friend”                                       1.00
    Lake Forest. Mrs. W. H. Ferry, _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                           20.00
    La Salle. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                           12.50
    Lockport. Cong. Ch.                                       14.00
    Lyonsville. Cong. Ch.                                     16.64
    Oak Park. “A Friend” $10; Cong. Ch. (in part)
      $3.50                                                   13.50
    Ottawa. Cong. Ch.                                         33.65
    Peru. Rev. G. S. B.                                        0.50
    Polo. Robert Smith                                       500.00
    Princeton. Cong. Ch.                                      42.62
    Providence. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                5.00
    Port Byron. Ladies’ Miss. Soc.                             8.00
    Rockford. Ladies of First Cong. Ch., _for a
      Student, Talladega_                                     12.00
    St. Charles. Cong. Ch.                                    24.70
    Waupannsee Grove. Cong. Ch.                               16.00
    Woodstock. First Cong. Ch.                                12.00
    Willmette. C. A. V.                                        0.50


  MICHIGAN, $240.

    Adair. Henry Topping                                       5.00
    Adrian. A. J. Hood $10, _for Freedmen, Indian
      and Chinese M._—C. C. Spooner $5                        15.00
    Almont. Mrs. H. G., _for a Missionary,
      Memphis, Tenn._                                          1.00
    Benzonia. First Cong. Soc.                                16.00
    Covert. A. S. Packard $50, and Sab. Sch. of
      Cong. Ch. $50, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._;
      W. J. C. 50c                                           100.50
    Homestead. Cong. Ch.                                       5.00
    Kalamazoo. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for
      Student Aid, Fisk U._                                   25.00
    Marshall. D. A. Miller                                     5.00
    Northville. D. Pomeroy                                     5.00
    Owasso. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                           50.00
    Romeo. Ladies of Cong. Soc. $5, _for a
      Missionary, Memphis, Tenn._                              5.00
    Summit. Cong. Ch.                                          7.50


  WISCONSIN, $64.92.

    Beloit. Mrs. S. W. Clary $10, _for Byron,
      Ga._; A. W. H. $1                                       11.00
    Bloomington. Cong. Ch.                                     6.02
    Boscobel. Cong. Ch.                                        5.00
    Brandon. Cong. Sab. Sch., _for Tougaloo U._                4.00
    Durand. Sab. Sch. Class                                    1.40
    Hammond. Cong. Ch.                                         2.00
    Racine. Individuals First Presb. Ch. $10; Mrs.
      R. B. M. 50c                                            10.50
    Windsor. H. H. S.                                          0.50
    Warren. Cong. Ch. (ad’l)                                   2.00
    Waukesha. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                           10.00
    Wauwatosa. Cong. Ch. (ad’l)                               12.50


  IOWA, $60.93.

    Atlantic. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                  6.00
    Dubuque. Cong. Ch.                                        14.80
    Des Moines. Ladies’ Miss. Soc. of Cong. Ch.,
      _for Student Aid, Fisk U._                              10.00
    Glenwood. Rev. L. S. Williams                              5.00
    Leon, J. K., _for New Building, Tougaloo U._               1.00
    New Hampton. Ladies’ Miss. Soc., _for Girls’
      Ind. Sch., Talladega_                                    1.00
    Osage. Sab Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                            9.13
    Stacyville. Woman’s Miss. Soc.                             4.00
    Waterloo. Rev. M. K. Cross                                10.00


  MINNESOTA, $113.40.

    Marine Mills. Cong. Ch.                                    2.38
    Minneapolis. Plymouth Ch. $28.97.—Rev. H. A.
      Stimpson, $10, _for Telescope, Atlanta U._              38.97
    St. Paul. Chas. B. Newcomb, _for Telescope,
      Atlanta U._                                             25.00
    St. Peter. Mrs. Jane A. Treadwell                          4.00
    Princeton. Cong. Sab. Sch. (proceeds of
      Concert)                                                18.05
    Winona. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student
      Aid, Fisk U._                                           25.00


  KANSAS, $19.83.

    Bavaria. Cong. Ch. $3.33; A. M. 50c                        3.83
    Brookville. Cong. Ch. $15; Mrs. E. S. and W.
      G. 50c. ea.                                             16.00


  NEBRASKA, $1.00.

    Nebraska City. K. U. S. S. Class, _for Cal.
      Chinese M._                                              1.00


  ARKANSAS, 51c.

    Little Rock. M. J. H.                                      0.51


  COLORADO $33.47

    Colorado Springs. Cong. Ch.                               33.47


  CALIFORNIA, $142.20.

    Rohnerville. J. T.                                         0.50
    Santa Cruz. Pliny Fay                                     10.00
    San Francisco. Receipts of the California
      Chinese Mission                                        131.70


  OREGON, $7.

    Forest Grove. Cong. Ch.                                    7.00


  WASHINGTON TERRITORY, $3.80.

    White River. Cong. Ch.                                     3.80


  TENNESSEE, $429.65.

    Memphis. Le Moyne Sch. $148.45.—Cong. Ch. Sab.
      Sch. $12, _for Mendi M._                               160.45
    Nashville. Fisk University                               269.20


  NORTH CAROLINA, $197.94.

    Wilmington. “Friends” $77.50, by Miss E. A.
      Warner, _for Memorial Inst._—Normal Sch.
      $106.25; First Cong. Ch. $6.85—Miss Maria
      Smith, _for Memorial Inst._ $2                         192.60
    Woodbridge. Tuition                                        5.34


  SOUTH CAROLINA, $220.00.

    Charleston. Avery Inst.                                  220.00


  ALABAMA, $192.15.

    Athens. Trinity Sch.                                      52.75
    Florence. L. C. A.                                         0.50
    Mobile. Emerson Inst. $90.55; Rev. Wm. H. A.
      and M. G. 50c. ea.                                      91.55
    Selma. First Cong. Ch. $6.60.—E. C. Silsby $5,
      _for Student Aid, Tougaloo U._                          11.60
    Talladega. Talladega College                              35.75


  GEORGIA, $477.09.

    Atlanta. Atlanta U. $74.—Prof. T. N. Chase
      $50. _for Student Aid, Atlanta U._                     124.00
    Macon. Lewis High Sch.                                    44.25
    Savannah. Beach Inst. $296.70; Cong. Ch. $7.64
      and Sab. Sch. $3.50                                    307.84
    Woodville. Plymouth Ch.                                    1.00


  LOUISIANA, $422.50.

    New Orleans. Straight University $214; Central
      Ch. $208; Rev. H. A. R. 50c                            422.50


  MISSISSIPPI, $63.35.

    Tougaloo. Tougaloo U. $43.35.—Rev. G. S. Pope
      $20, _for Student Aid_                                  63.35


  MISSOURI. $10.15.

    Brookfield. Cong. Ch.                                      5.15
    Index. P. M. Wells                                         5.00


  ENGLAND, $24.35.

    Bishop Auckland. Joseph Lingford                          24.35


  SCOTLAND, $97.80.

    Perth. North United Presb. Ch. £18.—J. Balman,
      _for Cal. Chinese M._ £2, by D. Morton                  97.80
                                                         ——————————
    Total                                                 11,185.49
    Total from Oct. 1st to June 30th                    $129,307.75

                                   H. W. HUBBARD, _Ass’t Treas._

  RECEIVED FOR DEBT.

    —— N. H. “A Friend”                                      100.00
    —— Vt. “A Friend”                                        100.00
    Norwich, Conn. Miss. S. Mace                              20.00
    Rockville, Conn. J. N. Stickney                           25.00
    West Meriden, Conn. Edmund Tuttle, to const.
      CHARLES L. MERRIAM, L. M.                               30.00
    New York, N. Y. Stephen T. Gordon                        100.00
    Benzonia, Mich. Mrs. S. A. B. C.                           1.00
    Detroit, Mich. Rev. F. T. Bayley                          15.00
    Streator, Ill. Hon. Samuel Plumb                         250.00
    Kilmarnock, Scotland. John Galloway                    1,000.00
                                                          —————————
                                                           1,641.00
    Previously acknowledged May Receipts                  10,522.72
                                                          —————————
    Total                                                $12,163.72


Receipts of the CALIFORNIA CHINESE MISSION, (E. Palache, Treas.)
from March 21 to June 20, 1878:


  FROM AUXILIARIES, $17.10.

    Petaluma Chinese Mission. Chinese                          8.10
    Stockton Chinese Mission. Mrs. M. C. Brown $3;
      Wm. Saunders $1; A. Van R. Paterson $1;
      Chinese $4                                               9.00


  FROM CHURCHES, $59.60.

    San Francisco. First Cong. Ch.                            44.35
    Bethany. Church (in part)                                 15.25


  FROM EASTERN FRIENDS, $55.

    Bangor, Me. Mrs. E. R. Burpee, _for Barnes’
      Mission House_                                          25.00
    Lake George, N. Y. Rev. H. S. Huntington $25;
      Other friends $5                                        30.00
                                                             ——————
    Total                                                   $131.70

       *       *       *       *       *




Constitution of the American Missionary Association.

INCORPORATED JANUARY 30, 1849.


       *       *       *       *       *

ART. I. This Society shall be called “THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY
ASSOCIATION.”

ART. II. The object of this Association shall be to conduct
Christian missionary and educational operations, and diffuse a
knowledge of the Holy Scriptures in our own and other countries
which are destitute of them, or which present open and urgent
fields of effort.

ART. III. Any person of evangelical sentiments,[A] who professes
faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, who is not a slaveholder, or in the
practice of other immoralities, and who contributes to the funds,
may become a member of the Society; and by the payment of thirty
dollars, a life member; provided, that children and others who have
not professed their faith may be constituted life members without
the privilege of voting.

ART. IV. This Society shall meet annually, in the month of
September, October or November, for the election of officers and
the transaction of other business at such time and place as shall
be designated by the Executive Committee.

ART. V. The annual meeting shall be constituted of the regular
officers and members of the Society at the time of such meeting,
and of delegates from churches, local missionary societies,
and other co-operating bodies—each body being entitled to one
representative.

ART. VI. The officers of the Society shall be a President, Vice
Presidents, a Recording Secretary, Corresponding Secretaries,
Treasurer, two Auditors, and an Executive Committee of not less
than twelve, of which the Corresponding Secretaries shall be
advisory, and the Treasurer ex-officio, members.

ART. VII. To the Executive Committee shall belong the collecting
and disbursing of funds; the appointing, counselling, sustaining
and dismissing (for just and sufficient reasons) missionaries and
agents; the selection of missionary fields; and, in general, the
transaction of all such business as usually appertains to the
executive committees of missionary and other benevolent societies;
the Committee to exercise no ecclesiastical jurisdiction over the
missionaries; and its doings to be subject always to the revision
of the annual meeting, which shall, by a reference mutually
chosen, always entertain the complaints of any aggrieved agent or
missionary; and the decision of such reference shall be final.

The Executive Committee shall have authority to fill all vacancies
occurring among the officers between the regular annual meetings;
to apply, if they see fit, to any State Legislature for acts of
incorporation; to fix the compensation, where any is given, of all
officers, agents, missionaries, or others in the employment of the
Society; to make provision, if any, for disabled missionaries, and
for the widows and children of such as are deceased; and to call,
in all parts of the country, at their discretion, special and
general conventions of the friends of missions, with a view to the
diffusion of the missionary spirit, and the general and vigorous
promotion of the missionary work.

Five members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for
transacting business.

ART. VIII. This society, in collecting funds, in appointing
officers, agents and missionaries, and in selecting fields
of labor, and conducting the missionary work, will endeavor
particularly to discountenance slavery, by refusing to receive the
known fruits of unrequited labor, or to welcome to its employment
those who hold their fellow-beings as slaves.

ART. IX. Missionary bodies, churches or individuals agreeing to
the principles of this Society, and wishing to appoint and sustain
missionaries of their own, shall be entitled to do so through the
agency of the Executive Committee, on terms mutually agreed upon.

ART. X. No amendment shall be made in this Constitution without
the concurrence of two thirds of the members present at a regular
annual meeting; nor unless the proposed amendment has been
submitted to a previous meeting, or to the Executive Committee in
season to be published by them (as it shall be their duty to do, if
so submitted) in the regular official notifications of the meeting.

FOOTNOTE:

[A] By evangelical sentiments, we understand, among others, a
belief in the guilty and lost condition of all men without a
Saviour; the Supreme Deity, Incarnation and Atoning Sacrifice
of Jesus Christ, the only Saviour of the world; the necessity
of regeneration by the Holy Spirit, repentance, faith and holy
obedience in order to salvation; the immortality of the soul; and
the retributions of the judgment in the eternal punishment of the
wicked, and salvation of the righteous.

       *       *       *       *       *




_The American Missionary Association._

       *       *       *       *       *


AIM AND WORK.

To preach the Gospel to the poor. It originated in a sympathy with
the almost friendless slaves. Since Emancipation it has devoted its
main efforts to preparing the FREEDMEN for their duties as citizens
and Christians in America and as missionaries in Africa. As closely
related to this, it seeks to benefit the caste-persecuted CHINESE
in America, and to co-operate with the Government in its humane
and Christian policy towards the INDIANS. It has also a mission in
AFRICA.


STATISTICS.

CHURCHES: _In the South_—In Va., 1; N. C., 5; S. C., 2; Ga., 11;
Ky., 5; Tenn., 4; Ala., 12; La., 12; Miss., 1; Kansas, 2; Texas, 4.
_Africa_, 1. _Among the Indians_, 2. Total, 62.

INSTITUTIONS FOUNDED, FOSTERED OR SUSTAINED IN THE SOUTH.
_Chartered_: Hampton, Va.; Berea, Ky.; Talladega, Ala.; Atlanta,
Ga.; Nashville, Tenn., Tougaloo, Miss.; New Orleans, La.; and
Austin, Texas, 8; _Graded or Normal Schools_: at Wilmington,
Raleigh, N. C.; Charleston, Greenwood, S. C.; Macon, Atlanta, Ga.;
Montgomery, Mobile, Athens, Selma, Ala; Memphis, Tenn.; 11; _Other
Schools_, 7. Total, 26.

TEACHERS, MISSIONARIES AND ASSISTANTS—Among the Freedmen, 209;
among the Chinese, 17; among the Indians, 16; in foreign lands, 10.
Total, 252. STUDENTS—In Theology, 74; Law, 8; in College Course,
79; in other studies, 5,243. Total, 5,404. Scholars taught by
former pupils of our schools, estimated at 100,000. INDIANS under
the care of the Association, 13,000.


WANTS.

1. A steady INCREASE of regular income to keep pace with the
growing work in the South. This increase can only be reached by
_regular_ and _larger_ contributions from the churches—the feeble
as well as the strong.

2. ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS for our higher educational institutions, to
accomodate the increasing numbers of students; MEETING HOUSES, for
the new churches we are organizing; MORE MINISTERS, cultured and
pious, for these churches.

3. HELP FOR YOUNG MEN, to be educated as ministers here and
missionaries to Africa—a pressing want.

Before sending boxes, always correspond with the nearest A. M. A.
office, as below.

  NEW YORK      H. W. Hubbard. Esq., 56 Reade Street.
  BOSTON        Rev. C. L. Woodworth, Room 21, Congregational House.
  CHICAGO       Rev. Jas. Powell, 112 West Washington St.


MAGAZINE.

This Magazine will be sent, gratuitously, if desired, to the
Missionaries of the Association; to Life Members; to all clergymen
who take up collections for the Association; to Superintendents of
Sabbath Schools; to College Libraries; to Theological Seminaries;
to Societies of Inquiry on Missions; and to every donor who does
not prefer to take it as a subscriber, and contributes in a year
not less than five dollars.

Those who wish to remember the AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION in
their last Will and Testament, are earnestly requested to use the
following


FORM OF A BEQUEST.

“I BEQUEATH to my executor (or executors) the sum of —— dollars in
trust, to pay the same in —— days after my decease to the person
who, when the same is payable, shall act as Treasurer of the
“American Missionary Association,” New York City, to be applied
under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association,
to its charitable uses and purposes.”

The Will should be attested by three witnesses [in some States
three are required—in other States only two], who should write
against their names, their places of residence [if in cities,
their street and number]. The following form of attestation will
answer for every State in the Union: “Signed, sealed, published
and declared by the said [A. B.] as his last Will and Testament,
in presence of us, who, at the request of the said A. B., and in
his presence, and in the presence of each other, have hereunto
subscribed our names as witnesses.” In some States, it is required
that the Will should be made at least two months before the death
of the testator.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                      THE SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN

                        THIRTY-THIRD YEAR.

          THE MOST POPULAR SCIENTIFIC PAPER IN THE WORLD.

 Only $3.20 a year, including Postage. Weekly. 52 Numbers a Year.
                         4,000 Book pages.

                 *       *       *       *       *

=The Scientific American= is a large first-class Weekly Newspaper,
of sixteen pages, printed in the most beautiful style, _profusely
Illustrated with Splendid Engravings_, representing the newest
Inventions and the most recent Advances in the Arts and Sciences;
including MECHANICS and ENGINEERING, STEAM ENGINEERING, RAILWAY,
MINING, CIVIL, GAS and HYDRAULIC ENGINEERING; MILL-WORK,
IRON, STEEL and METAL-WORK; CHEMISTRY and CHEMICAL PROCESSES;
ELECTRICITY, LIGHT, HEAT, SOUND; TECHNOLOGY, PHOTOGRAPHY, PRINTING,
NEW MACHINERY, NEW PROCESSES, NEW RECIPES; Improvements pertaining
to Textile Industry—WEAVING, DYEING, COLORING; New Industrial
Products—ANIMAL, VEGETABLE and MINERAL; New and Interesting Facts
in AGRICULTURE, HORTICULTURE, THE HOME, HEALTH, MEDICAL PROGRESS,
SOCIAL SCIENCE, NATURAL HISTORY, GEOLOGY, ASTRONOMY, etc.

The most valuable practical papers, by eminent writers in all
departments of Science, will be found in the =Scientific American=;
the whole presented in popular language, free from technical terms,
illustrated with engravings, and so arranged as to interest and
inform all classes of readers, old and young. The =Scientific
American= is promotive of knowledge and progress in every community
where it circulates. It should have a place in every Family,
Reading-Room, Library, College, or School. Terms, =$3.20= per
year, =$1.60= half year, which includes prepayment of Postage.
Discount to Clubs and Agents. Single copies ten cents. Sold by all
Newsdealers. Remit by postal order to MUNN & CO., Publishers, 37
Park Row, New York.

=PATENTS.= In connection with the =Scientific American=, Messrs.
MUNN & CO. are Solicitors of American and Foreign Patents, and have
the largest establishment in the world. Patents are obtained on the
best terms. Models of New Inventions and Sketches examined, and
advice free. A special notice is made in the =Scientific American=
of all Inventions patented through this Agency, with the name and
residence of the Patentee. Public attention is thus directed to the
merits of the new patent, and sales or introduction often effected.
Any person who has made a new discovery or invention can ascertain,
free of charge, whether a patent can probably be obtained, by
writing to the undersigned. Address for the Paper, or concerning
Patents,

            BRANCH OFFICE:
  Cor. F. & 7th Sts. Washington, D. C.
                                  MUNN & CO., 37 Park Row, New York.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                    The most extensive stock of

                    Theological and S. S. Books

                  In the Country, Good and Cheap.

We publish books upon the “Clark” plan. In the regular way, Dr.
Arnold’s 84 Rugby Lectures are $3.50—on the “Clark” plan, =$1.20=,
postpaid.

Besides our general stock of Sunday-school Books, we have one
Library of shop-worn and second-hand Books, $50 retail, for
=$12.50=, and 10 Libraries of New Books of the best quality, and
cheaper than any offered.

Also, Books sold by Agents only. Just ready, =The Old and New Bible
Looking-Glass=, with =280= Beautiful Emblem Engravings. The work is
written by Drs. CROSBY, GILLET, CHEEVER, PUNSHON of England, and
others. It has received, from the ablest Divines and the religious
press, the best indorsements of any book we have had.

                       SEND FOR PARTICULARS.

             N. TIBBALS & SONS, 37 Park Row, New York.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                        The Book of Psalms.

            ARRANGED FOR RESPONSIVE READING IN SABBATH
               SCHOOL, OR SOCIAL OR FAMILY WORSHIP.

The current version is strictly followed, the only peculiarity
being the arrangement according to the _Original Parallelisms_,
for convenience in responsive reading. Two sizes. _Prices_: 32mo,
Limp Cloth, 30 cts. per copy, $25 per 100; 16mo. Cloth, 70 cts. per
copy, $56 per 100. Sent postpaid on receipt of price.

TAINTOR BROTHERS, MERRILL & CO., Publishers,
                                             758 Broadway, New York.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                       _Case’s Bible Atlas._

Quarto Size. Accurate and up to the times. 16 Full Page Maps, with
Explanatory Notes and Index. Designed to aid Sunday-school Teachers
and Scholars. Every family needs it. Price $1.00. Sent by mail on
receipt of price.

=AGENTS WANTED= in every Township. _Liberal terms given_. Address
O. D. CASE & CO., Hartford, Ct.


                 *       *       *       *       *


          “_Providence helps those who help themselves._”


                         HAUTE NOUVEAUTE.

                           GRAND OPENING

                                OF

                    NOVEL AND BEAUTIFUL STYLES.

                           THE DEMOREST

                 _Representative and Cosmopolitan_

                       EMPORIUM OF FASHIONS

         Furnishing the World’s Ideal of Artistic Beauty,
          Novelty, Utility, Variety, Accuracy, Economy,
                     and Fashionable Elegance.

Always First Premium in every competition, including the World’s
Fair; American Institute, New York; Mechanics’ Institute, Boston;
Mechanics’ Institute, Maryland; New York and other State Fairs,
and the exclusive award over all competitors at the Centennial
Exhibition.

                     PARIS, LONDON, NEW YORK,

                     And Agencies Everywhere.

                    RELIABLE PATTERNS IN SIZES,

                    Illustrated and Described.

                _Prices from 10 to 30 Cents each,
                   or 5d. to 1s. 3d. Sterling._

     SEND FOR CATALOGUE, with directions in French, English,
              Portuguese, Dutch, German and Spanish.

                   DEMOREST’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE,
       25 cts.; 1s. Sterling. Yearly $3.00; 12s. Sterling,
                    with a Magnificent Premium.

                 The Demorest Quarterly Journal,
      5 Cents; 2½d. Sterling. Yearly, 10 Cents; 5d. Sterling.

                  Mme. Demorest’s What to Wear,
                     15 Cents; 7½d. Sterling.

              Mme. Demorest’s Portfolio of Fashions,
            15 Cents; 7½ Sterling. _Either Post-free._

                         NEW YORK HOUSE:
                    17 EAST FOURTEENTH STREET.
           11 Bouverie St., London. 5 Rue Serebe, Paris.

           Mme. DEMOREST.           W. JENNINGS DEMOREST


                 *       *       *       *       *


                        A. S. BARNES & CO.

                      Educational Publishers.

TEACHERS are requested to send for our Descriptive Catalogue of 400
Text Books and Professional Manuals.


                   A. S. B. & Co., also publish


Dale’s Lectures on Preaching:

As delivered at Yale College, 1877. Contents: Perils of Young
Preachers; The Intellect in Relation to Preaching; Reading;
Preparation of Sermons; Extemporaneous Preaching and Style;
Evangelistic Preaching; Pastoral Preaching; The Conduct of Public
Worship. Price, postpaid, $1.50.


Chas. G. Finney’s Memoirs:

Written by Himself. 477 pp., 12mo. $2.00.


“A wonderful volume it truly is.”—_Rev. T. L. Cuyler. D. D._ “What
a fiery John the Baptist he was.”—_Rev. R. S. Storrs, D. D._


Ray Palmer’s Poetical Works:

Complete. With Portrait. 8vo, full gilt, rich, $4.00.


Memoirs of P. P. Bliss:

By Whittle, Moody and Sankey. With portraits of the Bliss Family,
on steel. Price $2.


Lyman Abbott’s Commentary

ON THE NEW TESTAMENT (Illustrated). Matthew and Mark (1 vol.),
$2.50; Acts. $1.75; others nearly ready.

“Destined to be _the_ Commentary for thoughtful Bible readers....
Simple, attractive, correct and judicious in the use of
learning.—_Rev. Howard Crosby, D. D._”


                   PUBLISHERS’ PRINCIPAL OFFICE,

               =111 & 113 William Street, New York.=


                 *       *       *       *       *


                      Established A. D. 1850

                                THE

                             MANHATTAN

                        Life Insurance Co.,

                      156 Broadway, New York,

                             HAS PAID

                     $7,400,000 DEATH CLAIMS.

                             HAS PAID

           $4,900,000 Return Premiums to Policy-Holders,

                         HAS A SURPLUS OF

                   $1,700,000 OVER LIABILITIES,

               _By New York Standard of Valuation._

    _It gives the Best Insurance on the Best Lives at the most
                         Favorable Rates._

           EXAMINE THE PLANS AND RATES OF THIS COMPANY.

                     HENRY STOKES, PRESIDENT,

    C. Y. WEMPLE,
             _Vice-President_.

    J. L. HALSEY,
             _Secretary_.

    S. N. STEBBINS,
             _Actuary_.

    H. Y. WEMPLE,
    H. B. STOKES,
             _Assistant-Secretaries_.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                         BROWN BROS. & CO.

                             BANKERS,

              59 Wall St., New York,
                  211 Chestnut St., Philadelphia,
                                  66 State St., Boston.

Issue, against cash deposited, or satisfactory guarantee of
repayment,

                  Circular Credits for Travelers,

In DOLLARS for use in the United States and adjacent countries, and
in POUNDS STERLING, for use in any part of the world.

These Credits, bearing the signature of the holder, afford a ready
means of identification, and the amounts for which they are issued
can be availed of from time to time, wherever he may be, in sums to
meet the requirements of the Traveler.

Application for Credits may be made to either of the above houses
direct, or through any respectable bank or banker in the country.


They also issue Commercial Credits, make Cable Transfers of Money
between this Country and England, and draw Bills of Exchange on
Great Britain and Ireland.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                         E. D. Bassford’s

                 COOPER INSTITUTE, NEW YORK CITY,

Just received from European and Domestic Manufacturers complete
new stock of fresh and beautiful goods. Every department of this
great emporium is being re-stocked with the Newest and Best
=House-Furnishing= and =Table Wares=, in =Hardware=, =China=,
=Glass=, =Cutlery=, =Silver= and =Wooden-ware=, and everything
in these lines for the complete furnishing of =House and
Table=—=Dinner= and =Tea Sets=, =Chamber-ware=, =Cooking Utensils=,
=Tin-ware= and

                            BASSFORD’S

                            CELEBRATED

                      Nonpareil Refrigerator,

The best made. Goods promptly delivered in city, or shipped daily.
Complete Price Lists and Refrigerator Lists sent free, and every
attention paid to inquiries by mail.

                        Edward D. Bassford,

               Nos. 1, 2, 3, 12, 13, 15, 16, and 17

                        _COOPER INSTITUTE_,

                          NEW YORK CITY.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                   Boynton’s Gas-Tight Furnaces

                  HAVE A RENOWNED REPUTATION FOR

  Great Heating Capacity, Freedom from Gases, being Durable, and
                        Economical in Fuel.

                        Over 40,000 in Use.

                          [Illustration]

Especially adapted for =Churches=, =Dwellings=, =Schools=,
etc. Fitted with _anti-Clinker Grates_, Bronze Door-Pins,
_Sifting-Grates_ for Ashes, _Ash-Pans_, etc., etc. Special
_inducements_ made to =Clergymen= and =Churches=. Estimates for
Heating made on application. Send for Circulars and Descriptions.

            =RICHARDSON, BOYNTON & CO.=, Manufacturers,
  _84 Lake St., Chicago.           232 and 234 Water St., New York._


                 *       *       *       *       *


                            CRAMPTON’S

                             PALM SOAP

                          IS THE BEST FOR

                       The Laundry,

                               The Kitchen,

                              AND FOR

                    General Household Purposes.

                          MANUFACTURED BY

                        CRAMPTON BROTHERS,

               _Cor. Monroe & Jefferson Sts. N. Y._

                 Send for Circular and Price List.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                          CABINET ORGANS

HIGHEST HONORS AT ALL WORLD’S EXHIBITIONS. _Only American Organs
awarded such at_ ANY. _Before buying or renting, send for our_
LATEST CATALOGUES and CIRCULARS, with NEW STYLES, REDUCED PRICES
and _much information_. _Sent free._

                     MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO.,

                                       BOSTON, NEW YORK, or CHICAGO.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                              ORGANS

Splendid _=$340=_ ORGANS for _=$100=_. _=$300=_ for _=$90=_.
_=$275=_ for _=$80=_. _=$200=_ for _=$70=_. _=$190=_ for _=$65=_;
and _=$160=_ for _=$55=_. PIANOS—_=$900=_ Piano Forte for _=$225=_.
_=$800=_ for _=$200=_. _=$750=_ for _=$185=_. _=$700=_ for
_=$165=_. _=$600=_ for _=$135=_, _=cash=_, not used a year, in
perfect order. Great Bargains, Unrivaled Instruments, Unequaled
Prices. Send for Catalogues. =HORACE WATERS & SONS=, _40 East 14th
Street, New York_.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                     Young America Press Co.,

                          [Illustration]

                     35 Murray St., New York,

manufacture a variety of hand, self-inking, and rotary printing
presses, ranging in price from $2 to $150, including the
=Centennial=, =Young America=, =Cottage=, =Lightning=, and other
celebrated printing machines. Our new rotary press, the =United
States Jobber=, for cheapness and excellence, is unrivalled. Other
presses taken in exchange. Lowest prices for type and printing
material. Circulars free. Specimen Book of Type. 10 cts. A sample
package of plain and fancy cards, 10 cents.


                 *       *       *       *       *


[Illustration:

                             MARVIN’S
                          FIRE & BURGLAR
                               SAFES
              COUNTER    PLATFORM    WAGON &    TRACK
                              SCALES
                     _MARVIN SAFE & SCALE CO.
                        265 BROADWAY. N.Y.
                     627 CHESTNUT ST. PHILA._
]




                    THE THIRTY-SECOND VOLUME OF

                                THE

                       American Missionary,

                      ENLARGED AND IMPROVED.

                 *       *       *       *       *

                     SUBSCRIPTION DEPARTMENT.

We publish =25,000= copies per month, giving news from the
Institutions and Churches aided by the Association among the
Freedmen in the South, the Indian tribes, the Chinese on the
Pacific Coast, and the Negroes in Western Africa. Price, =Fifty
Cents a Year, in Advance=.

                        OUR NEW PAMPHLETS.

No. 1.—=History= of the Association.

No. 2.—=Africa=: Containing a History of the Mendi Mission, a
Description of the Land and the People, and a presentation of their
claims on America.

No. 3.—=The Three Despised Races in the United States=; or, The
Chinaman, the Indian, and the Freedman. An Address before the A. M.
A., by Rev. Joseph Cook, of Boston, Mass.

No. 4.—=The Educational Work.= Showing the nature and reality
of the black man’s needs; the way to help him; the sentiment of
Southern men; the work of the Romish Church; the wants of the A. M.
A.

       _Will be sent, free to any address, on application._

                   H. W. HUBBARD, Ass’t-Treas., 56 Reade St., N. Y.

                 *       *       *       *       *

                      ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT.

A limited space in our Magazine is devoted to Advertisements, for
which our low rates and large circulation make its pages specially
valuable. Our readers are among the best in the country, having an
established character for integrity and thrift that constitute them
valued customers in all departments of business.

To Advertisers using display type and Cuts, who are accustomed
to the “RULES” of the best Newspapers, requiring “DOUBLE RATES”
for these “LUXURIES,” our wide pages, fine paper, and superior
printing, with =no extra charge for cuts=, are advantages readily
appreciated, and which add greatly to the appearance and effect of
business announcements.

We are, thus far, gratified with the success of this department,
and solicit orders from all who have unexceptionable wares to
advertise.

Advertisements must be received by the TENTH of the month, in order
to secure insertion in the following number. All communications in
relation to advertising should be addressed to

                                    J. H. DENISON, Adv’g Agent,
                                         56 READE STREET, NEW YORK.


                 *       *       *       *       *


                            KINGSFORD’S

                              OSWEGO

             For PUDDINGS, CUSTARDS, BLANC MANGE, Etc.

                            The BEST is

[Illustration: Original KINGSFORD’S OSWEGO CORN STARCH. PERFECTLY PURE]

  UNEQUALED FOR DELICACY, VARIETY OF USE AND HEALTHFULNESS. ADAPTED
   ALIKE TO THE TASTE OF THE EPICURE AND THE WANTS OF THE INVALID.




Transcriber’s Notes:


Punctuation, spelling and grammar were changed only where the error
appears to be a printing error. The punctuation changes are too
numerous to list; the others are as follows:

“Libera” changed to “Liberia” on page 223. (expeditions to Liberia)

“obligatians” changed to “obligations” on page 231. (under great
obligations)

“Talladaga” changed to “Talladega” on page 251. (Unionville. Cong.
Ch., for Talladega)

Extra “(” removed from E.D. Bassford’s ad on page 256. (COOPER
INSTITUTE, NEW YORK CITY)





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The American Missionary -- Volume 32,
No. 8, August, 1878, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK AMERICAN MISSIONARY, AUGUST 1878 ***

***** This file should be named 53340-0.txt or 53340-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/3/3/4/53340/

Produced by KarenD, Joshua Hutchinson and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This
file was produced from images generously made available
by Cornell University Digital Collections)

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

